Worlds Beyond: A Strategy for the Detection and Characterization of   Exoplanets. How eccentric orbital solutions can hide planetary systems in 2:1   resonant orbits. Independent confirmation and refined parameters of the hot Jupiter XO-5b. Tidal friction in close-in satellites and exoplanets. The Darwin theory   re-visited. Impact of the Atmospheric Refraction on the Precise Astrometry with   Adaptive Optics in Infrared. Ten New and Updated Multi-planet Systems, and a Survey of Exoplanetary   Systems. Fomalhaut's Debris Disk and Planet: Constraining the Mass of Fomalhaut b   From Disk Morphology. Cryptic photosynthesis, Extrasolar planetary oxygen without a surface   biological signature. Transit timing effects due to an exomoon. Planet influence on the shape of the hosting star - ellipsoidal   variations of tau Bootis. Abundance Stratification of Exoplanet Host Stars. Planet Formation by Concurrent Collapse. The complementarity of astrometric and radial velocity exoplanet   observations - Determining exoplanet mass with astrometric snapshots. Parallel Algorithm for Solving Kepler's Equation on Graphics Processing   Units: Application to Analysis of Doppler Exoplanet Searches. PIERNIK mhd code - a multi-fluid, non-ideal extension of the   relaxing-TVD scheme (II). Protostellar Cloud Fragmentation and Inward Migration by Disk Capture as   the Origin of Massive Exoplanets. The multiplicity of exoplanet host stars - New low-mass stellar   companions of the exoplanet host stars HD125612 and HD212301. PIERNIK mhd code - a multi-fluid, non-ideal extension of the   relaxing-TVD scheme (I). Planet-bound dark matter and the internal heat of Uranus, Neptune, and   hot-Jupiter exoplanets. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets. XVII. Super-Earth and   Neptune-mass planets in multiple planet systems HD47186 and HD181433. Expected Planet and False Positive Detection Rates for the Transiting   Exoplanet Survey Satellite. Ice Lines, Planetesimal Composition and Solid Surface Density in the   Solar Nebula. Habitability of Super-Earth Planets around Other Suns: Models including   Red Giant Branch Evolution. Diversity among other worlds: characterization of exoplanets by direct   detection. A Smaller Radius for the Transiting Exoplanet WASP-10b. Exoplanets from the CHEPS: Discovery of the Double Planet System   HD191760. Looking to the future: using IR interferometry to study microquasars. Super Earth Explorer: A Coronagraphic Off-Axis Space Telescope. Optical Images of an Exosolar Planet 25 Light Years from Earth. Stellar ages from asteroseismology. Lithium abundances in exoplanet-host stars : modelling. A Precise Estimate of the Radius of the Exoplanet HD 149026b from   Spitzer Photometry. Empirical Constraints on Trojan Companions and Orbital Eccentricities in   25 Transiting Exoplanetary Systems. Planetpol polarimetry of the exoplanet systems 55 Cnc and tau Boo. Design, analysis and test of a microdots apodizer for the Apodized Pupil   Lyot Coronagraph. WASP-14b: 7.3 Mj transiting planet in an eccentric orbit. Target star catalog for Darwin: Nearby Stellar sample for a search for   terrestrial planets. The BAST algorithm for transit detection. The Transit Light Curve Project. X. A Christmas Transit of HD 17156b. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets XVII. Six long-period   giant planets around BD -17 0063, HD 20868, HD 73267, HD 131664, HD 145377,   HD 153950. Report of IAU Commission 30 on Radial Velocities (2006-2009). New methods for large dynamical range problems in planetary formation. Updated parameters for the transiting exoplanet WASP-3b using RISE, a   new fast camera for the Liverpool Telescope. The timescale for giant planet formation : constraints from the   rotational evolution of exoplanet host stars. Extrasolar planets and brown dwarfs around A-F type stars VI. High   precision RV survey of early type dwarfs with HARPS. Formation, evolution and multiplicity of brown dwarfs and giant   exoplanets. Selection Functions in Doppler Planet Searches. Thermodynamics of atmospheric circulation on hot Jupiters. Fundamental Properties of Low-Mass Stars and Brown Dwarfs. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission VI. CoRoT-Exo-3b: The   first secure inhabitant of the brown-dwarf desert. Saturn Forms by Core Accretion in 3.4 Myr. LIINUS/SERPIL: a design study for interferometric imaging spectroscopy   at the LBT. The Atmospheres of Extrasolar Planets. The sub-Jupiter mass transiting exoplanet WASP-11b. ASTEP South: An Antarctic Search for Transiting Planets around the   celestial South pole. Resonance Trapping in Protoplanetary Disks. I. Coplanar Systems. ESA White paper: Atmospheric modeling: Setting Biomarkers in context. An Inexpensive Field-Widened Monolithic Michelson Interferometer for   Precision Radial Velocity Measurements. Mean motion resonances from planet-planet scattering. RISE: a fast-readout imager for exoplanet transit timing. NICI: combining coronagraphy, ADI, and SDI. Using SPICA Space Telescope to characterize Exoplanets. TiO and VO broad band absorption features in the optical spectrum of the   atmosphere of the hot-Jupiter HD209458b. The Signature of the Ice Line and Modest Type I Migration in the   Observed Exoplanet Mass-Semimajor Axis Distribution. High Precision Radial Velocity Measurements in the Infrared: A First   Assessment of the RV Stability of CRIRES. Lithium depletion and the rotational history of exoplanet host stars. What do stars tell us about planets? Asteroseismology of exoplanet-host   stars. A Jupiter-like Planet Orbiting the Nearby M Dwarf GJ832. Exoplanet characterization with long slit spectroscopy. CARMA Millimeter-Wave Aperture Synthesis Imaging of the HD 32297 Debris   Disk. The Rise of the Vulcans. Radio emission from exoplanets: the role of the stellar coronal density   and magnetic field strength. Measuring accurate transit parameters. A Computational Tool to Interpret the Bulk Composition of Solid   Exoplanets based on Mass and Radius Measurements. Transiting Exoplanets with JWST. Ranges of Atmospheric Mass and Composition of Super Earth Exoplanets. Coreless Terrestrial Exoplanets. Gas disks to gas giants: Simulating the birth of planetary systems. Emergent Exoplanet Flux: Review of the Spitzer Results. Analytic Approximations for Transit Light Curve Observables,   Uncertainties, and Covariances. Analytic approximations for transit light curve observables and   uncertainties. TEST - The Tautenburg Exoplanet Search Telescope. Searching for the secondary eclipse of CoRoT-Exo-2b and its transit   timing variations. A Search for Exotrojans in Transiting Exoplanetary systems. Precise Astrometry of Visual Binaries with Adaptive Optics. A Way for   Finding Exoplanets?. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission IV: CoRoT-Exo-4b: A   transiting planet in a 9.2 day synchronous orbit. Spectral, Spatial, and Time properties of the hydrogen nebula around   exoplanet HD209458b. T-Lyr1-17236: A Long-Period Low-Mass Eclipsing Binary. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission V. CoRoT-Exo-4b:   Stellar and planetary parameters. The NASA EPOXI mission of opportunity to gather ultraprecise photometry   of known transiting exoplanets. Preliminary Results on HAT-P-4, TrES-3, XO-2, and GJ 436 from the NASA   EPOXI Mission. Wavefront error correction and Earth-like planet detection by   Self-Coherent Camera in space. The Very Low Albedo of an Extrasolar Planet: MOST Spacebased Photometry   of HD 209458. Towards the Albedo of an Exoplanet: MOST Satellite Observations of   Bright Transiting Exoplanetary Systems. The Broadband Infrared Emission Spectrum of the Exoplanet HD 189733b. Searching for transit timing variations in transiting exoplanet systems. End to End Simulation of AO-assisted coronagraphic differential imaging:   estimation of performance for SPHERE. Prototyping coronagraphs for exoplanet characterization with SPHERE. The NStED Stellar and Exoplanet Hosting Star Service. Exoplanet Mapping Revealed. Predicting the Yields of Photometric Surveys for Transiting Extrasolar   Planets. Toward a homogeneous set of transiting planet parameters. The NStED Exoplanet Transit Survey Service. Measurement of the Spin-Orbit Angle of Exoplanet HAT-P-1b. Observability of the General Relativistic Precession of Periastra in   Exoplanets. Predicting low-frequency radio fluxes of known extrasolar planets. On the Eccentricity Distribution of Exoplanets from Radial Velocity   Surveys. A Low-Mass Planet with a Possible Sub-Stellar-Mass Host in Microlensing   Event MOA-2007-BLG-192. LOFAR Transients and the Radio Sky Monitor. Spectroscopic metallicities of Vega-like stars. Baroclinic Generation of Potential Vorticity in an Embedded Planet-Disk   System. Microlensing Detections of Moons of Exoplanets. WASP-7: The brightest transiting-exoplanet system in the Southern   hemisphere. Thermal Emission of Exoplanet XO-1b. Dynamical Outcomes of Planet-Planet Scattering. An Algorithm For Photometric Identification Of Transiting Circumbinary   Planets. Ground-based detection of sodium in the transmission spectrum of   exoplanet HD209458b. The Transit Light Curve Project. IX. Evidence for a Smaller Radius of   the Exoplanet XO-3b. Radio Emission from Exoplanets. The Transit Light Curve Project. VIII. Six Occultations of the Exoplanet   TrES-3. The Prograde Orbit of Exoplanet TrES-2b. Retrograde resonances in compact multi-planetary systems: a feasible   stabilizing mechanism. Stabilising a nulling interferometer using optical path difference   dithering. Detecting Life-bearing Extra-solar Planets with Space Telescopes. AsteroFLAG: first results from hare-and-hounds Exercise 1. The Search for Stellar Companions to Exoplanet Host Stars Using the   CHARA Array. Inverting Phase Functions to Map Exoplanets. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission I - CoRoT-Exo-1b: a   low-density short-period planet around a G0V star. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission III. The   spectroscopic transit of CoRoT-Exo-2b with SOPHIE and HARPS. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission II. CoRoT-Exo-2b: A   transiting planet around an active G star. Lithium abundances in exoplanet-hosts stars. Parameters and Predictions for the Long-Period Transiting Planet HD   17156b. The exoplanet-host star iota Horologii: an evaporated member of the   primordial Hyades cluster. CHARA Array Measurements of the Angular Diameters of Exoplanet Host   Stars. A ~5 M_earth Super-Earth Orbiting GJ 436?: The Power of Near-Grazing   Transits. HST FGS astrometry - the value of fractional millisecond of arc   precision. SPH simulations of star/planet formation triggered by cloud-cloud   collisions. Habitable Climates. Doppler search for exoplanet candidates and binaries in a CoRoT field   using a multi-fiber spectrograph. Rayleigh scattering in the transit spectrum of HD 189733b. Refined parameters and spectroscopic transit of the super-massive planet   HD147506b. Habitability of Super-Earths: Gliese 581c and 581d. MOST Spacebased Photometry of the Transiting Exoplanet System HD 189733:   Precise Timing Measurements for Transits Across an Active Star. Identifying the rotation rate and the presence of dynamic weather on   extrasolar Earth-like planets from photometric observations. First Observation of Planet-Induced X-ray Emission: The System HD 179949. Orbital Stability of Planets in Binary Systems: A New Look at Old   Results. Astrobiological Effects of F, G, K and M Main-Sequence Stars. Structure and evolution of super-Earth to super-Jupiter exoplanets: I.   heavy element enrichment in the interior. Tidal Evolution of Close-in Extra-Solar Planets. Methane present in an extrasolar planet atmosphere. MOST Spacebased Photometry of the Transiting Exoplanet System HD 209458:   Transit Timing to Search for Additional Planets. Exoplanet HD 209458b : Evaporation strengthened. Double-blind test program for astrometric planet detection with Gaia. Experimental design and model selection: The example of exoplanet   detection. Stability constraints in modeling of multi-planet extrasolar systems. Towards a Small Prototype Planet Finding Interferometer: The next step   in planet finding and characterization in the infrared. Measuring Stellar Radial Velocities with a Dispersed Fixed-Delay   Interferometer. Cadence Optimisation and Exoplanetary Parameter Sensitivity. Testing planet formation theories with Giant stars. Extrasolar Planet Interactions. Observational Window Functions in Planet Transit Searches. Terrestrial Planet Formation in Extra-Solar Planetary Systems. Improved parameters for extrasolar transiting planets. ARTEMiS (Automated Robotic Terrestrial Exoplanet Microlensing Search) -   A possible expert-system based cooperative effort to hunt for planets of   Earth mass and below. Dust evolution in protoplanetary disks. 3D SPH simulations of grain growth in protoplanetary disks. Reconstruction of the transit signal in the presence of stellar   variability. Five Planets Orbiting 55 Cancri. First detection of polarized scattered light from an exoplanetary   atmosphere. The composition of transiting giant extrasolar planets. Habitable Planet Formation in Extreme Planetary Systems: Systems with   Multiple Stars and/or Multiple Planets. The PSU/TCfA Search for Planets around Evolved Stars. Stellar parameters   and activity indicators of targets. A HET search for planets around evolved stars. On the Solar System-Debris Disk Connecction. Identification, Classifications, and Absolute Properties of 773   Eclipsing Binaries Found in the TrES Survey. Testing Planet Formation Models with Gaia  μ as Astrometry. Observational Tests of Planet Formation Models. Microlensing search for extrasolar planets: observational strategy,   discoveries and implications. Retired A Stars and Their Companions II: Jovian planets orbiting kappa   Coronae Borealis and HD167042. Planets in the Galactic Bulge: Results from the SWEEPS Project. OGLE-TR-211 - a new transiting inflated hot Jupiter from the OGLE survey   and ESO LP666 spectroscopic follow-up program. Exoplanet HD209458b: inflated hydrogen atmosphere but no sign of   evaporation. Habitable planets around the star Gl 581?. Hydrodynamic Simulations of Unevenly Irradiated Jovian Planets. WASP-3b: a strongly-irradiated transiting gas-giant planet. Characterization of the long-period companions of the exoplanet host   stars: HD196885, HD1237 and HD27442. Ocean Planet or Thick Atmosphere: On the Mass-Radius Relationship for   Solid Exoplanets with Massive Atmospheres. The transiting exoplanet host star GJ 436: a test of stellar evolution   models in the lower main sequence, and revised planetary parameters. Observations of Extrasolar Planets During the non-Cryogenic Spitzer   Space Telescope Mission. Influence of stellar X-ray luminosity distribution and its evolution on   exoplanetary mass loss. The orbits of the quadruple star system 88 Tau A from PHASES   differential astrometry and radial velocity. TEDI: the TripleSpec Exoplanet Discovery Instrument. Externally Dispersed Interferometry for Precision Radial Velocimetry. Masses, Luminosities, and Orbital Coplanarities of the mu Orionis   Quadruple Star System from PHASES Differential Astrometry. HAT-P-5b: A Jupiter-like hot Jupiter Transiting a Bright Star. The First Direct Distance and Luminosity Determination for a   Self-Luminous Giant Exoplanet: The Trigonometric Parallax to   2MASS1207334-393254Ab. Speckle noise reduction techniques for high-dynamic range imaging. Transdet: a matched-filter based algorithm for transit detection -   application to simulated COROT light curves. Confidence Level and Sensitivity Limits in High Contrast Imaging. The mid-infrared spectrum of the transiting exoplanet HD 209458b. Is our Sun a Singleton?. Detectability of Exoplanetary Transits from Radial Velocity Surveys. The Rotation Period of the Planet-Hosting Star HD 189733. Looking for Super-Earths in the HD 189733 System: A Search for Transits   in Most Space-Based Photometry. A scene model of exosolar systems for use in planetary detection and   characterisation simulations. A Spitzer Search for Water in the Transiting Exoplanet HD189733b. A resonant-term-based model including a nascent disk, precession, and   oblateness: application to GJ 876. Search for exoplanets with the radial-velocity technique: quantitative   diagnostics of stellar activity. The Transit Light Curve Project. VII. The Not-So-Bloated Exoplanet   HAT-P-1b. TrES-4: A Transiting Hot Jupiter of Very Low Density. On constraining a transiting exoplanet's rotation rate with its transit   spectrum. Water vapour in the atmosphere of a transiting extrasolar planet. Mass-Radius Relationships for Solid Exoplanets. Spitzer Transit and Secondary Eclipse Photometry of GJ 436b. Origin of the Metallicity Dependence of Exoplanet Host Stars in the   Protoplanetary Disk Mass Distribution. Optimization of Apodized Pupil Lyot Coronagraph for ELTs. A New Planet Around an M Dwarf: Revealing a Correlation Between   Exoplanets and Stellar Mass. First Steps in Direct Imaging of Planetary Systems Like our Own: The   Science Potential of 2-m Class Optical Space Telescopes. Dynamics of Exozodiacal Clouds. ExoPTF Science Uniquely Enabled by Far-IR Interferometry: Probing the   Formation of Planetary Systems, and Finding and Characterizing Exoplanets. Spin-Orbit Alignment for the Eccentric Exoplanet HD 147506b. HD147506b: A Super-Massive Planet in an Eccentric Orbit Transiting a   Bright Star. Un coronographe interférentiel achromatique coaxial. An anomaly detector with immediate feedback to hunt for planets of Earth   mass and below by microlensing. Speckle noise and dynamic range in coronagraphic images. Limits of ultra-high-precision optical astrometry: Stellar surface   structures. Water vapour and hydrogen in the terrestrial-planet-forming region of a   protoplanetary disk. From mean-motion resonances to scattered planets: Producing the Solar   System, eccentric exoplanets and Late Heavy Bombardments. The Dynamics-Based Approach to Studying Terrestrial Exoplanets. A novel L-band imaging search for giant planets in the Tucana and Beta   Pictoris moving groups. A Ground-Based Search for Thermal Emission from the Exoplanet TrES-1. The Mass of the Candidate Exoplanet Companion to HD 33636 from Hubble   Space Telescope Astrometry and High-Precision Radial Velocities. Role of Dynamical Research in the Detection and Characterization of   Exoplanets. The CoRoT primary target HD 52265: models and seismic tests. TrES Exoplanets and False Positives: Finding the Needle in the Haystack. TrES-3: A Nearby, Massive, Transiting Hot Jupiter in a 31-Hour Orbit. WASP-1: A lithium- and metal-rich star with an oversized planet. Is There a Universal Mass Function?. Determination of the size, mass, and density of "exomoons" from   photometric transit timing variations. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets. IX. Exoplanets   orbiting HD 100777, HD 190647, and HD 221287. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets XI. Super-Earths (5 &   8 M_Earth) in a 3-planet system. Direct Measurement of the Radius and Density of the Transiting Exoplanet   HD 189733B with the CHARA Array. LEAVITT: A MIDEX-class Mission for Finding & Characterizing 10,000   Transiting Planets in the Solar Neighborhood. Finding Solar System Analogs With SIM and HIPPARCOS: A White Paper for   the ExoPlanet Task Force. The Transit Light Curve Project. VI. Three Transits of the Exoplanet   TrES-2. A Possible Stellar Metallic Enhancement in Post-T Tauri Stars by a   Planetesimal Bombardment. Cryptoplanet update. Retired A Stars and Their Companions: Exoplanets Orbiting Three   Intermediate-Mass Subgiants. The multiplicity of planet host stars - New low-mass companions to   planet host stars. Ground-Based Direct Detection of Exoplanets with the Gemini Planet   Imager (GPI). Investigation of transit-selected exoplanet candidates from the MACHO   survey. Terrestrial and Habitable Planet Formation in Binary and Multi-star   Systems. Ground-based Microlensing Surveys. Detecting and Characterizing Planetary Systems with Transit Timing. An Extrasolar Planet Census with a Space-based Microlensing Survey. Improving the speckle noise attenuation of simultaneous spectral   differential imaging with a focal plane holographic diffuser. Radio Astrometric Detection and Characterization of Extra-Solar Planets:   A White Paper Submitted to the NSF ExoPlanet Task Force. The multiplicity of exoplanet host stars - Spectroscopic confirmation of   the companions GJ3021B and HD27442B, one new planet host triple-star system,   and global statistics. Looking for Giant Earths in the HD 209458 System: A Search for Transits   in MOST Space-based Photometry. Cassini States with Dissipation: Why Obliquity Tides Cannot Inflate Hot   Jupiters. NACO-SDI direct imaging search for the exoplanet Eps Eri b. Proper Motions of the Jets in the Region of HH 30 and HL/XZ Tau.   Evidence for a Binary Exciting Source of the HH 30 Jet. Exoplanet Transit Parallax. A new algorithm for point spread function subtraction in high-contrast   imaging: a demonstration with angular differential imaging. Exoplanet-Induced Chromospheric Activity: Realistic Light Curves from   Solar-type Magnetic Fields. A Spitzer Spectrum of the Exoplanet HD 189733b. Outcome of Six Candidate Transiting Planets from a TrES Field in   Andromeda. Characterization of Dusty Debris Disks: the IRAS and Hipparcos Catalogs. The CoRoT exoplanet programme: exploring the gas-giant/terrestrial   planet transition. Spectral types of planetary host star candidates from OGLE III. DECPHOT: an optimal deconvolution-based photometric reduction method. Properties of the short period CoRoT-planet population II: The impact of   loss processes on planet masses from Neptunes to Jupiters. The Late-T Dwarf Companion to the Exoplanet Host Star HD 3651: A New   Benchmark for Gravity and Metallicity Effects in Ultracool Spectra. The Eccentricity-Mass Distribution of Exoplanets: Signatures of   Different Formation Mechanisms?. Exoplanets and the Rossiter-McLaughlin Effect. Roche lobe effects on the atmospheric loss of "Hot Jupiters". Potential of Photometric Searches for Transiting Planets. The M Dwarf GJ 436 and its Neptune-Mass Planet. K-band transit and secondary eclipse photometry of exoplanet   OGLE-TR-113b. WASP-1b and WASP-2b: Two new transiting exoplanets detected with   SuperWASP and SOPHIE. Four New Exoplanets and Hints of Additional Substellar Companions to   Exoplanet Host Stars. The Monitor project: Searching for occultations in young open clusters. Direct detection of exoplanet host star companion gamma Cep B and   revised masses for both stars and the sub-stellar object. The Transit Light Curve Project. III. Tres Transits of TrES-1. Spectral Evolution of an Earth-Like Planet. Measurement of the Spin-Orbit Alignment in the Exoplanetary System HD   189733. The Transit Light Curve Project. IV. Five Transits of the Exoplanet   OGLE-TR-10b. Effects of mass loss for highly-irradiated giant planets. Data Analysis on the Extra-solar Planets Using Robust Clustering. Properties of planets in binary systems. The role of binary separation. Precise Radius Estimates for the Exoplanets WASP-1b and WASP-2b. Detectability of planets in wide binaries by ground-based relative   astrometry with AO. Asteroseismology of exoplanets-host stars. Asteroseismology of exoplanets-host stars: a link between the two   scientific programmes of COROT. Asteroseismology of exoplanets host stars: the special case of  ι    Horologii (HD17051). CoRoT and the search for exoplanets. The Italian contribution. Prospects for the Characterization and Confirmation of Transiting   Exoplanets via the Rossiter-McLaughlin Effect. Multiplicity Study of exoplanet host stars: The HD3651AB system. The Extrasolar Planet epsilon Eridani b - Orbit and Mass. The Chemical Compositions of Stars with Planets: A Review. Detecting Exoplanets by Gravitational Microlensing using a Small   Telescope. The Search for an Atmospheric Signature of the Transiting Exoplanet HD   149026b. The Transit Light Curve (TLC) Project. II. Two Transits of the Exoplanet   OGLE-TR-111b. High-precision radial-velocity measurement with a small telescope:   Detection of the tau Bootis exoplanet. HAT-P-1b: A Large-Radius, Low-Density Exoplanet Transiting one Member of   a Stellar Binary. TrES-2: The First Transiting Planet in the Kepler Field. Limits to Transits of the Neptune-mass planet orbiting Gl 581. Are isolated planetary-mass objects really isolated? A brown   dwarf-exoplanet system candidate in the sigma Orionis cluster. Limits to Tertiary Astrometric Companions in Binary Systems. The effect of red noise on planetary transit detection. HD3651B: the first directly imaged brown dwarf companion of an exoplanet   host star. Pulsations detected in the line profile variations of red giants:   Modelling of line moments, line bisector and line shape. Impact of Stellar Dynamics on the Frequency of Giant Planets in Close   Binaries. The Structure of Jupiter, Saturn, and Exoplanets: Key Questions for   High-Pressure Experiments. MACAO-CRIRES, a step towards high-resolution spectroscopy. The Transit Light Curve (TLC) Project. I. Four Consecutive Transits of   the Exoplanet XO-1b. Catalog of Nearby Exoplanets. Exoplanet detection with simultaneous spectral differential imaging:   effects of out-of-pupil-plane optical aberrations. Interferometric Space Missions for the Search for Terrestrial   Exoplanets: Requirements on the Rejection Ratio. Characteristics of proposed 3 and 4 telescope configurations for Darwin   and TPF-I. High accuracy transit photometry of the planet OGLE-TR-113b with a new   deconvolution-based method. Speckle nulling for exoplanet detection with space-based coronagraphic   telescopes. Diffraction-Based Sensitivity Analysis of Apodized Pupil Mapping Systems. Estimations of orbital parameters of exoplanets from transit photometry   by using dynamical constraints. Scientific Results from High-precision Astrometry at the Palomar Testbed   Interferometer. Results from the Exoplanet Search Programmes with BEST and TEST. The First Extrasolar Planet Discovered with a New Generation High   Throughput Doppler Instrument. The potential for tidally heated icy and temperate moons around   exoplanets. HD 98618: A Star Closely Resembling our Sun. Two Suns in The Sky: Stellar Multiplicity in Exoplanet Systems. Diffraction of Apodized Pupil Mapping Systems with Aberrations. An Upper Limit on the Albedo of HD 209458b: Direct Imaging Photometry   with the MOST Satellite. High eccentricity planets from the Anglo-Australian Planet Search. Pluto's moon system: survey of the phase space I. Rejecting Astrophysical False Positives from the TrES Transiting Planet   Survey: The Example of GSC 03885-00829. The 2:1 resonant exoplanetary system orbiting HD73526. A search for water masers toward extrasolar planets. A Search for wide visual companions of exoplanet host stars - The Calar   Alto Survey. A Survey of Close, Young Stars with the Simultaneous Differential Imager   (SDI) at the VLT and MMT. Suppressing Speckle Noise for Simultaneous Differential Extrasolar   Planet Imaging (SDI) at the VLT and MMT. Are we far from testing general relativity with the transiting   extrasolar planet HD 209458b `Osiris'?. Exoplanet Imaging with a Phase-induced Amplitude Apodization Coronagraph   III. Hybrid Approach: Optical Design and Diffraction Analysis. Angular Differential Imaging: a Powerful High-Contrast Imaging Technique. Multiplicity-Study of Exoplanet Host Stars. Terrestrial Exoplanet Light Curves. Double stage Lyot coronagraph with the apodized reticulated stop for   extremely large telescope. Speckle nulling with space-based coronagraphs. The Origin and Nature of Neptune-like Planets Orbiting Close to Solar   Type Stars. Photometric searches for transiting planets: results and challenges. The color signature of the transit of HD 209458: Discrepancies between   stellar atmospheric models and observations. Lithium abundances in exoplanet host stars as test of planetary   formation scenarii. Detectability of planetary rings around an extrasolar planet from   reflected-light photometry. High resolution imaging with Fresnel interferometric arrays: suitability   for exoplanet detection. The transmission spectrum of Earth-size transiting planets. ELODIE metallicity-biased search for transiting Hot Jupiters II. A   very hot Jupiter transiting the bright K star HD189733. On the Ages of Exoplanet Host Stars. PHASES Differential Astrometry and the Mutual Inclination of the V819   Herculis Triple Star System. Review on low-mass stars and brown dwarfs. Elemental abundances in the Blanco 1 open cluster. Orbital migration and the period distribution of exoplanets. PHASES High Precision Differential Astrometry of delta Equulei. A Moving Cluster Distance to the Exoplanet 2M1207 B in the TW Hya   Association. Four new wide binaries among exoplanet host stars. Spiders in Lyot Coronagraphs. Gl86B: a white dwarf orbits an exoplanet host star. Observed Properties of Exoplanets: Masses, Orbits, and Metallicities. Quantifying orbital migration from exoplanet statistics and host   metallicities. Hot-Jupiters and hot-Neptunes: a common origin?. Search for H3+ in HD141569A. Asteroseismology of the planet-hosting star mu Arae. II. Seismic analysis. A Photometric Diagnostic to Aid in the Identification of Transiting   Extra-Solar Planets. Squared visibility estimator. Calibrating biases to reach very high   dynamic range. On the possibility of measuring the post-Newtonian gravitoelectric   correction to the orbital period of a test body in a Solar System scenario. Doppler follow-up of OGLE planetary transit candidates in Carina. The Challenge of Wide-Field Transit Surveys: The Case of GSC 01944-02289. Evolution of the Solar Activity over Time and Effects on Planetary   Atmospheres: I. High-energy Irradiances (1-1700 A). Exoplanets imaging with a Phase-Induced Amplitude Apodization   Coronagraph - I. Principle. Statistical properties of exoplanets IV. The period--eccentricity   relations of exoplanets and of binary stars. La recherche de naines brunes et d'exoplanetes: developpement d'une   technique d'imagerie multibande. Characterisation of extrasolar planetary transit candidates. Doppler follow-up of OGLE transiting companions in the Galactic bulge. Differential Imaging with a Multicolor Detector Assembly: A New   ExoPlanet Finder Concept. A Neptune-Mass Planet Orbiting the Nearby M Dwarf GJ 436. The HARPS survey for southern extra-solar planets II. A 14 Earth-masses   exoplanet around mu Arae. Search for Low-Mass Exoplanets by Gravitational Microlensing at High   Magnification. Asteroseismology of exoplanets hosts stars : tests of internal   metallicity. The "missing link": a 4-day period transiting exoplanet around   OGLE-TR-111. Accurate radius and mass of the transiting exoplanet OGLE-TR-132b. Using color photometry to separate transiting exoplanets from false   positives. C, S, Zn and Cu abundances in planet-harbouring stars. Phase light curves for extrasolar Jupiters and Saturns. Transport of Ionizing Radiation in Terrestrial-like Exoplanet   Atmospheres. Structures in Dusty Disks. Two new "very hot Jupiters" among the OGLE transiting candidates. Planetary Migration and Extrasolar Planets in the 2/1 Mean-Motion   Resonance. A new powerful method for probing the atmospheres of transiting   exoplanets. Statistical properties of exoplanets III. Planet properties and stellar   multiplicity. The physics of extrasolar gaseous planets : from theory to observable   signatures. The evolution of irradiated planets. Application to transits. Nitrogen abundances in Planet-harbouring stars. Metallic fingers and metallicity excess in exoplanets host stars : the   accretion hypothesis revisited. Klio: A 5 micron camera for the detection of giant exoplanets. First Planet Confirmation with a Dispersed Fixed-Delay Interferometer. The CORALIE survey for southern extra-solar planets. XII. Orbital   solutions for 16 extra-solar planets discovered with CORALIE. Lithium in stars with exoplanets. Abundances in stars with exoplanets. Polarization Effects in Reflecting Coronagraphs for White Light   Applications in Astronomy. What Fraction of Sun-like Stars have Planets?. Statistical properties of exoplanets. I. The period distribution:   constraints for the migration scenario. Motivation and possibilities of affordable low-frequency radio   interferometry in space. Integration of the atmospheric fluctuations in a dual-field optical   interferometer: the short exposure regime. Exoplanet detection capability of the COROT space mission. GENIE observations of small scale astrophysical processes in star   forming regions and quasars. The calibration of interferometric visibilities obtained with   single-mode optical interferometers. Computation of error bars and   correlations. Statistical properties of exoplanets II. Metallicity, orbital   parameters, and space velocities. PLANET II: A Microlensing and Transit Search for Extrasolar Planets. Infrared Observations During the Secondary Eclipse of HD 209458b: I.   3.6-Micron Occultation Spectroscopy Using the VLT. A Keck Adaptive Optics Search for Young Extrasolar Planets. The Extra-Solar Planet Imager (ESPI). The Galactic Exoplanet Survey Telescope (GEST). How common are Earths? How common are Jupiters?. What can exoplanets tell us about our Solar System?. An exoplanet in orbit around tau^1 Gruis. On the Feasibility of Detecting Satellites of Extrasolar Planets via   Microlensing. A Nulling Wide Field Imager for Exoplanets Detection and General   Astrophysics. The CORALIE survey for southern extra-solar planets VIII. The very   low-mass companions of HD141937, HD162020, HD168443, HD202206: brown dwarfs   or superplanets?. The Observational Case for Jupiter Being a Typical Massive Planet. Galactic orbits of stars with planets. The distribution of exoplanet masses. Tidal Evolution Of the Planetary System around HD 83443. GEST. Ground-based exoplanet near-infrared search by imaging and spectroscopy:   3 new companion candidates in TWA. The Galactic Exoplanet Survey Telescope: A Proposed Space-Based   Microlensing Survey for Terrestrial Extra-Solar Planets. Probable detection of starlight reflected from the giant exoplanet   orbiting tau Bootis. Exoplanets or Dynamic Atmospheres? The Radial Velocity and Line Shape   Variations of 51 Pegasi and Tau Bootis. Atmosphere Models for Very Low Mass Stars, Brown Dwarfs and Exoplanets. A model-independent test of spatial variations of the Newtonian   gravitational constant in some extrasolar planetary systems. Gravitational and Anti-gravitational Applications. Tidal torques. A critical review of some techniques. Critical Test of the Self-Similar Cosmological Paradigm: Anomalously Few   Planets Orbiting Low-Mass Red Dwarf Stars. Can the tidal quality factors of terrestrial planets and moons scale as   positive powers of the tidal frequency?. The Theory of Bodily Tides. The Models and the Physics. Specific Angular Momentum of Extrasolar Planetary Systems. Pulsar Navigation in the Solar System. Constraining the relative inclinations of the planets B and C of the   millisecond pulsar PSR B1257+12. Lecture notes on the formation and early evolution of planetary systems. Long-term evolution of orbits about a precessing oblate planet: 1. The   case of uniform precession. Worlds Beyond: A Strategy for the Detection and Characterization of   Exoplanets. Atmospheric Consequences of Cosmic Ray Variability in the Extragalactic   Shock Model II: Revised ionization levels and their consequences. Patchy Reconnection in a Y-Type Current Sheet. Juno, the angular momentum of Jupiter and the Lense-Thirring effect. Orbital effects of Sun's mass loss and the Earth's fate. Stability of the directly imaged multiplanet system HR 8799: resonance   and masses. How eccentric orbital solutions can hide planetary systems in 2:1   resonant orbits. Hydrodynamics of structure formation in the early Universe. Relativistic versus Newtonian orbit model: the Relativistic Motion   Integrator (RMI) software. Illustration with the LISA mission. Chaotic Diffusion of Resonant Kuiper Belt Objects. Atmospheric circulation of hot Jupiters: Coupled radiative-dynamical   general circulation model simulations of HD 189733b and HD 209458b. The resonant structure of Jupiter's trojan asteroids-II. What happens   for different configurations of the planetary system. OGLE-2005-BLG-071Lb, the Most Massive M-Dwarf Planetary Companion?. Geodynamics and Rate of Volcanism on Massive Earth-like Planets. Independent confirmation and refined parameters of the hot Jupiter XO-5b. The search for extrasolar planets: Study of line bisectors and its   relation with precise radial velocity measurements. The modulation of SiO maser polarization by Jovian planets. Kozai cycles, tidal friction and the dynamical evolution of binary minor   planets. Stellar activity of planetary host star HD 189733. Empirical evidence for tidal evolution in transiting planetary systems. Probing the Interiors of Very Hot Jupiters Using Transit Light Curves. ExoFit: Orbital Parameters of Extra-solar Planets from Radial Velocities. Ten New and Updated Multi-planet Systems, and a Survey of Exoplanetary   Systems. Gravitomagnetic effects in Kerr-de Sitter space-time. On the averaging principle for one-frequency systems. An application to   satellite motions. Precessing planetary magnetospheres in SiO stars ? First detection of   quasi-periodic polarization fluctuations in R Leo and V Cam. Fomalhaut's Debris Disk and Planet: Constraining the Mass of Fomalhaut b   From Disk Morphology. Formation, Survival, and Destruction of Vortices in Accretion Disks. Cryptic photosynthesis, Extrasolar planetary oxygen without a surface   biological signature. The Physics of Bodily Tides in Terrestrial Planets, and the Appropriate   Scales of Dynamical Evolution. On the evolution of mean motion resonances through stochastic forcing:   Fast and slow libration modes and the origin of HD128311. On the habitability of the OGLE-2006-BLG-109L planetary system. Equilibria in the secular, non-coplanar two-planet problem. Long period planets from dynamical relaxation. AMiBA Observations, Data Analysis and Results for Sunyaev-Zel'dovich   Effects. Orbital Evolution of a Particle Interacting with a Single Planet in a   Protoplanetary Disk. Poynting-Robertson effect and capture of grains in exterior resonances   with planets. Jupiter - friend or foe? I: the asteroids. Co-orbital Oligarchy. The Jupiter Twin HD 154345b. Improved parameters for the transiting hot Jupiters WASP-4b and WASP-5b. Two-Dimensional Transport of Solids in Viscous Protoplanetary Disks. WASP-12b: The hottest transiting planet yet discovered. Origin of Europa and the Galilean Satellites. Measuring interstellar magnetic fields by radio synchrotron emission. Spectroscopy of the sdB pulsator HS2201+2610. Search for the magnetic field of the O7.5 III star xi Persei. The magnetic field of the B3V star 16 Pegasi. High Inclination Planets in Multistellar Systems. Photometric Follow-up Observations of the Transiting Neptune-Mass Planet   GJ 436b. The Role of the Random Magnetic Fields in the ISM: HVCs Numerical   Simulations. Dynamics of Planetary Systems in Star Clusters. MHD Remote Numerical Simulations: Evolution of Coronal Mass Ejections. Deep MMT Transit Survey of the Open Cluster M37 IV: Limit on the   Fraction of Stars With Planets as Small as 0.3 R_J. Measuring and calibrating Galactic synchrotron emission. HD 91669b: A New Brown Dwarf Candidate from the McDonald Observatory   Planet Search. Discovery of fossil magnetic fields in the intermediate-mass pre-main   sequence stars. The magnetic field structure in NGC 253 in presence of a galactic wind. Planet influence on the shape of the hosting star - ellipsoidal   variations of tau Bootis. Observations of the transiting planet TrES-2 with the AIU Jena telescope   in Großschwabhausen. Planet Formation by Concurrent Collapse. Spectropolarimetry of SNR G296.5+10.0. Eccentricity modulation of a close-in planet by a companion -   application to GJ 436 system. The First High-Precision Radial Velocity Search for Extra-Solar Planets. The complementarity of astrometric and radial velocity exoplanet   observations - Determining exoplanet mass with astrometric snapshots. Testing the cosmological evolution of magnetic fields in galaxies with   the SKA. Parallel Algorithm for Solving Kepler's Equation on Graphics Processing   Units: Application to Analysis of Doppler Exoplanet Searches. Spitzer Planet Limits around the Pulsating White Dwarf GD66. RAPID: A fast, high resolution, flux-conservative algorithm designed for   planet-disk interactions. Shock fragmentation model for gravitational collapse. The Frequency of Warm Debris Disks and Transition Disks in a Complete   Sample of Intermediate-Mass GLIMPSE Stars: Placing Constraints on Disk   Lifetimes. Angular Momentum Loss and Stellar spin-down in Magnetic Massive Stars. The basic role of magnetic field in stellar evolution. Protostellar Cloud Fragmentation and Inward Migration by Disk Capture as   the Origin of Massive Exoplanets. Magnetic Fields in Paradigms of Planetary Nebulae and Related MHD   Frontiers. Detecting Magnetic Fields in Large-Scale Structure with Radio   Polarization. Anisotropic winds from close-in extra-solar planets. Analytical Solutions for Radiative Transfer: Implications for Giant   Planet Formation by Disk Instability. Dynamical Simulations of the Planetary System HD69830. Is the wind of the Oe star HD 155806 magnetically confined?. Magnetic fields, winds and X-rays of massive stars in the Orion Nebula   Cluster. GMIMS: The Global Magneto-Ionic Medium Survey. Tidal dynamics of extended bodies in planetary systems and multiple   stars. Transiting planets - lightcurve analysis for eccentric orbits. The promise of Gaia and how it will influence stellar ages. Radial differential rotation vs surface differential rotation:   investigation based on dynamo models. PIERNIK mhd code - a multi-fluid, non-ideal extension of the   relaxing-TVD scheme (I). Toward understanding the 3.4 micron and 9.7 micron extinction feature   variations from the local diffuse interstellar medium to the Galactic center. The 21 micron and 30 micron circumstellar dust features in evolved   C-rich objects. The extrasolar planet atmosphere and exosphere: Emission and   transmission spectroscopy. Tests of achromatic phase shifters performed on the SYNAPSE test bench:   a progress report. Planet-bound dark matter and the internal heat of Uranus, Neptune, and   hot-Jupiter exoplanets. A cool starspot or a second transiting planet in the TrES-1 system?. A Resolved Ring of Debris Dust Around the Solar Analog HD 107146. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets. XVII. Super-Earth and   Neptune-mass planets in multiple planet systems HD47186 and HD181433. Distinguishing between Planetary and Binary Interpretations of   Microlensing Central Perturbations under Severe Finite-Source Effect. Investigating the potential of the Pan-Planets project using Monte Carlo   simulations. Sub-Microarcsecond Astrometry with SIM-Lite: A Testbed-based Performance   Assessment. Expected Planet and False Positive Detection Rates for the Transiting   Exoplanet Survey Satellite. HATNet Field G205: Follow-Up Observations of 28 Transiting-Planet   candidates and Confirmation of the Planet HAT-P-8b. Ice Lines, Planetesimal Composition and Solid Surface Density in the   Solar Nebula. Dynamical Tides in Rotating Planets and Stars. Habitability of Super-Earth Planets around Other Suns: Models including   Red Giant Branch Evolution. Diversity among other worlds: characterization of exoplanets by direct   detection. Characterization of the HD 17156 planetary system. OGLE2-TR-L9: An extrasolar planet transiting a fast-rotating F3 star. Effects of scattering and dust grain size on the temperature structure   of protoplanetary discs: A three-layer approach. Type I Planet Migration in Nearly Laminar Disks. The Highly Eccentric Pre-Main Sequence Spectroscopic Binary RX   J0529.3+1210. The WFC3 Galactic Bulge Treasury Program: A First Look at Resolved   Stellar Population Tools. A Smaller Radius for the Transiting Exoplanet WASP-10b. Rapid Formation of Icy Super-Earths and the Cores of Gas Giant Planets. The Upper Atmosphere of HD17156b. On the growth and stability of Trojan planets. Three-dimensional simulations of multiple protoplanets embedded in a   protostellar disc. Exoplanets from the CHEPS: Discovery of the Double Planet System   HD191760. Parameter degeneracies and (un)predictability of gravitational   microlensing events. Transit infrared spectroscopy of the hot neptune around GJ 436 with the   Hubble Space Telescope. Super Earth Explorer: A Coronagraphic Off-Axis Space Telescope. The search for a strategy for mankind to survive the solar Red Giant   catastrophe. The sdB+M Eclipsing System HW Virginis and its Circumbinary Planets. A probable giant planet imaged in the Beta Pictoris disk. On the origin of eccentricities among extrasolar planets. Homogeneous studies of transiting extrasolar planets. II. Physical   properties. Optical Images of an Exosolar Planet 25 Light Years from Earth. Atmospheric Escape from Hot Jupiters. Lithium abundances in exoplanet-host stars : modelling. Planets in Stellar Clusters Extensive Search. V. Search for planets and   identification of 18 new variable stars in the old open cluster NGC 188. MMT/AO 5 micron Imaging Constraints on the Existence of Giant Planets   Orbiting Fomalhaut at ~13-40 AU. Long-Term Evolution in Transit Duration of Extrasolar Planets from   Magnetic Activity in their Parent Stars. Repeating microlensing events in the OGLE data. Direct Imaging of Multiple Planets Orbiting the Star HR 8799. Metallicities for 13 nearby open clusters from high-resolution   spectroscopy of dwarf and giant stars. Stellar metallicity, stellar mass, and   giant planets. Six Hot Topics in Planetary Astronomy. A Precise Estimate of the Radius of the Exoplanet HD 149026b from   Spitzer Photometry. Empirical Constraints on Trojan Companions and Orbital Eccentricities in   25 Transiting Exoplanetary Systems. The X-Ray Environment During the Epoch of Terrestrial Planet Formation:   Chandra Observations of h Persei. Six White Dwarfs with Circumstellar Silicates. Putting Yukawa-like Modified Gravity (MOG) on the test in the Solar   System. Accounting for velocity jitter in planet search surveys. 55 Cancri: A Laboratory for Testing Numerous Conjectures about Planet   Formation. Exact Solutions of the Isothermal Lane--Emden Equation with Rotation and   Implications for the Formation of Planets and Satellites. Digging Into the Surface of the Icy Dwarf Planet Eris. Planet formation in the habitable zone of alpha Centauri B. The Minimum Jeans Mass, Brown Dwarf Companion IMF, and Predictions for   Detection of Y-type Dwarfs. Planetpol polarimetry of the exoplanet systems 55 Cnc and tau Boo. Magnetic activity in the photosphere of CoRoT-Exo-2a. Active longitudes   and short-term spot cycle in a young Sun-like star. Standing on the shoulders of giants: Trojan Earths and vortex trapping   in low mass self-gravitating protoplanetary disks of gas and solids. Did Saturn's rings form during the Late Heavy Bombardment ?. WASP-10b: a 3M_J, gas-giant planet transiting a late-type K star. Secular Evolution of HD 12661: A System Caught at an Unlikely Time. WASP-14b: 7.3 Mj transiting planet in an eccentric orbit. Intergalactic dust and its photoelectric heating. Science with UT's Dichroic-Mirror Camera (DMC), 15-band simultaneous   imager. A High Precision, Optical Polarimeter to Measure Inclinations of High   Mass X-Ray Binaries. Solar System tests of some models of modified gravity proposed to   explain galactic rotation curves without dark matter. First Confirmed Detection of a Bipolar Molecular Outflow from a Young   Brown Dwarf. Low Mass Companions for Five Solar-Type Stars from the Magellan Planet   Search Program. On The Use of Absorption Cells as a Wavelength Reference for Precision   Radial Velocity Measurements in the Near Infrared. NUV radii of the extrasolar planet HD 209458b. Models of Jupiter's Growth Incorporating Thermal and Hydrodynamic   Constraints. Target star catalog for Darwin: Nearby Stellar sample for a search for   terrestrial planets. Resolved debris disk emission around eta Tel: a young Solar System or   ongoing planet formation?. The mass-radius relationship from solar-type stars to terrestrial   planets: a review. The BAST algorithm for transit detection. The Transit Light Curve Project. X. A Christmas Transit of HD 17156b. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets XVII. Six long-period   giant planets around BD -17 0063, HD 20868, HD 73267, HD 131664, HD 145377,   HD 153950. Epsilon Eridani's Planetary Debris Disk: Structure and Dynamics based on   Spitzer and CSO Observations. Non-thermal Electrons at the Earth's Bow Shock: A `Gradual' Event. Report of IAU Commission 30 on Radial Velocities (2006-2009). Direct Imaging and Spectroscopy of a Planetary Mass Candidate Companion   to a Young Solar Analog. RoboNet-II: Follow-up observations of microlensing events with a robotic   network of telescopes. New Observations and a Possible Detection of Parameter Variations in the   Transits of Gliese 436b. Mean Motion Resonances in Extrasolar Planetary Systems with Turbulence,   Interactions, and Damping. The statistics of accelerations seen in radial velocity searches for   planets. Planetary microlensing signals from the orbital motion of the source   star around the common barycentre. A comprehensive comparison of the Sun to other stars: searching for   self-selection effects. Empirical Models of Pressure and Density in Saturn's Interior:   Implications for the Helium Concentration, its Depth Dependence, and Saturn's   Precession Rate. New methods for large dynamical range problems in planetary formation. Updated parameters for the transiting exoplanet WASP-3b using RISE, a   new fast camera for the Liverpool Telescope. Five-Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP)Observations: Beam   Maps and Window Functions. The timescale for giant planet formation : constraints from the   rotational evolution of exoplanet host stars. The Effect of Lunar-like Satellites on the Orbital Infrared Light Curves   of Earth-analog Planets. Mid-Infrared Properties of Disk Averaged Observations of Earth with AIRS. Solar-like oscillations in red giants in the CoRoT exo-field. The Detectability of Exo-Earths and Super-Earths Via Resonant Signatures   in Exozodiacal Clouds. Thermal Effects of Circumplanetary Disk Formation around Proto-Gas Giant   Planets. Extrasolar planets and brown dwarfs around A-F type stars VI. High   precision RV survey of early type dwarfs with HARPS. Super Star Clusters in SBS0335-052E. Asteroseismology and the Solar-Stellar Connection. Asteroseismic age and radius of Kepler stars. Dark-Energy Dynamics Required to Solve the Cosmic Coincidence. Is it necessary to go beyond the ponctual mass approximation for tidal   perturber in close systems?. Microlensing of close binary stars. Magnetohydrodynamic experiments on cosmic magnetic fields. Advances in the measurement of the Lense-Thirring effect with planetary   motions in the field of the Sun. Formation, evolution and multiplicity of brown dwarfs and giant   exoplanets. Rotational Line Emission from Water in Protoplanetary Disks. Core instability models of giant planet accretion II: forming planetary   systems. A Planet in a 0.6-AU Orbit Around the K0 Giant HD 102272. Selection Functions in Doppler Planet Searches. Levy Flights of Binary Orbits due to Impulsive Encounters. HAT-P-10b: A light and moderately hot Jupiter transiting a K dwarf. IAU Planet Definition: Some Confusions and Their Modifications. Array configuration studies for the SKA -- Implementation of figures of   merit based on SDR. GMRT study of X-shaped radio sources. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission VI. CoRoT-Exo-3b: The   first secure inhabitant of the brown-dwarf desert. Optical Characterization of a New Young Stellar Population in the   Serpens Molecular Cloud. On-Line Long-Exposure Phase Diversity: a Powerful Tool for Sensing   Quasi-Static Aberrations of Extreme Adaptive Optics Imaging Systems. Stellar wobble caused by a binary system: Can it really be mistaken as   an extra-solar planet?. Molecules in the disk orbiting the twin young suns of V4046 Sgr. Saturn Forms by Core Accretion in 3.4 Myr. A Metal-biased Planet Search. Detection of a Temperature Inversion in the Broadband Infrared Emission   Spectrum of TrES-4. Secular dynamics of coplanar, non-resonant planetary system under the   general relativity and quadrupole moment perturbations. Vortices in self-gravitating disks. ADONIS high contrast infrared imaging of Sirius-B. Can the Pioneer anomaly be induced by velocity-dependent forces? Tests   in the outer regions of solar system with planetary dynamics. The Atmospheres of Extrasolar Planets. The sub-Jupiter mass transiting exoplanet WASP-11b. A New Spectroscopic and Photometric Analysis of the Transiting Planet   Systems TrES-3 and TrES-4. Cloud formation in substellar atmospheres. Star-Planet Interactions. Investigating the flyby scenario for the HD 141569 system. ASTEP South: An Antarctic Search for Transiting Planets around the   celestial South pole. Front- vs. back-illuminated CCD cameras for photometric surveys: a noise   budget analysis. Enhanced Dust Emission in the HL Tau Disc: A Low-Mass Companion in   Formation?. Gas Evolution in Protoplanetary Disks. Resonance Trapping in Protoplanetary Disks. I. Coplanar Systems. ESA White paper: Atmospheric modeling: Setting Biomarkers in context. Photometric variability of the T Tauri star TW Hya on time scales of   hours to years. Extrasolar planets and brown dwarfs around A-F type stars V. A planetary   system found with HARPS around the F6IV-V star HD 60532. Deep MMT Transit Survey of the Open Cluster M37 III: Stellar Rotation at   550 Myr. The Growth & Migration of Jovian Planets in Evolving Protostellar Disks   with Dead Zones. CN Neutrinos and the Sun's Primordial Core Metalicity. An Inexpensive Field-Widened Monolithic Michelson Interferometer for   Precision Radial Velocity Measurements. Behavior of the reflection function of a plane-parallel medium for   directions of incidence and reflection tending to horizontal directions. A Young Planet Search in Visible and IR Light: DN Tau, V836 Tau, and   V827 Tau. Mean motion resonances from planet-planet scattering. High Resolution Spectropolarimetry of the H-alpha Line: Obscured Stars   and Absorptive Polarization. Microlensing Event MOA-2007-BLG-400: Exhuming the Buried Signature of a   Cool, Jovian-Mass Planet. Observing Strategies for the NICI Campaign to Directly Image Extrasolar   Planets. Performance of the Near-infrared coronagraphic imager on Gemini-South. Comparison of coronagraphs for high contrast imaging in the context of   Extremely Large Telescopes. Planet Migration through a Self-Gravitating Planetesimal Disk. Stability of Distant Satellites of Giant Planets in the Solar System. Turbulent formation of protogalaxies at the end of the plasma epoch:   theory and observations. Using SPICA Space Telescope to characterize Exoplanets. Evolution of proto-galaxy-clusters to their present form: theory and   observations. HAT-P-9b: A Low Density Planet Transiting a Moderately Faint F star. Habitable Climates: The Influence of Obliquity. Resonances of low orders in the planetary system of HD37124. TiO and VO broad band absorption features in the optical spectrum of the   atmosphere of the hot-Jupiter HD209458b. Stellar Proper Motions in the Galactic Bulge from deep HST ACS/WFC   Photometry. Planetary Transits and Tidal Evolution. Fainter and closer: finding planets by symmetry breaking. Meteorites and the physico-chemical conditions in the early solar nebula. The angular sizes of dwarf stars and subgiants - Non-linear surface   brightness relations in BVRcIc from interferometry. Multi-Wavelength Constraints on the Day-Night Circulation Patterns of HD   189733b. The Signature of the Ice Line and Modest Type I Migration in the   Observed Exoplanet Mass-Semimajor Axis Distribution. Searching for molecular hydrogen mid-infrared emission in the   circumstellar environments of Herbig Be stars. High Precision Radial Velocity Measurements in the Infrared: A First   Assessment of the RV Stability of CRIRES. Two Jupiter-Mass Planets Orbiting HD 154672 and HD 205739. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets: XIV. Gl 176b, a   super-Earth rather than a Neptune, and at a different period. Minimal Energy Transfer of Solid Material Between Planetary Systems. Lithium depletion and the rotational history of exoplanet host stars. Natural Transfer of Viable Microbes in Space from Planets in the   Extra-Solar Systems to a Planet in our Solar System and Vice-Versa. Satellite dynamics on the Laplace surface. What do stars tell us about planets? Asteroseismology of exoplanet-host   stars. A Jupiter-like Planet Orbiting the Nearby M Dwarf GJ832. Tentative Detection of the Rotation of Eris. Atmospheric composition and structure of HD209458b. New composite models of partially ionized protoplanetary disks. Radio observations of Jupiter-family comets. Exoplanet characterization with long slit spectroscopy. On The Origins Of Eccentric Close-in Planets. Nulling interferometry: performance comparison between space and   ground-based sites for exozodiacal disc detection. Constraints from deuterium on the formation of icy bodies in the Jovian   system and beyond. Common Proper Motion Companions to Nearby Stars: Ages and Evolution. A dynamical perspective on additional planets in 55 Cancri. Predicting Photometric and Spectroscopic Signatures of Rings around   Transiting Extrasolar Planets. Hydro-Gravitational-Dynamics of Planets and Dark Energy. The Kuiper Belt and Other Debris Disks. Microlensing Zone of Planets Detectable through the Channel of   High-Magnification Events. The Rise of the Vulcans. The role of jets in the formation of planets, stars, and galaxies. Radio emission from exoplanets: the role of the stellar coronal density   and magnetic field strength. Core Formation in Giant Gaseous Protoplanets. Tidal Heating of Terrestrial Extra-Solar Planets and Implications for   their Habitability. The Evolution of L and T Dwarfs in Color-Magnitude Diagrams. TW Hydrae: evidence of stellar spots instead of a Hot Jupiter. Quasi-Hilda Comet 147P/Kushida-Muramatsu: Another long temporary   satellite capture by Jupiter. Measuring accurate transit parameters. Estimating stellar rotation from starspot detection during planetary   transits. Limits of Binaries That Can Be Characterized by Gravitational   Microlensing. Transiting Exoplanets with JWST. Ranges of Atmospheric Mass and Composition of Super Earth Exoplanets. Coreless Terrestrial Exoplanets. The Atmospheric Signatures of Super-Earths: How to Distinguish Between   Hydrogen-Rich and Hydrogen-Poor Atmospheres. Constraining Orbital Parameters Through Planetary Transit Monitoring. Planetary systems around close binary stars: the case of the very dusty,   Sun-like, spectroscopic binary BD+20 307. Planetary Bow Shocks. Extremely high precision VLBI astrometry of PSR J0437-4715 and   implications for theories of gravity. Magnetic Fields In Astrophysical Objects. Gas disks to gas giants: Simulating the birth of planetary systems. Constraining the cosmological constant and the DGP gravity with the   double pulsar PSR J0737-3039. Emergent Exoplanet Flux: Review of the Spitzer Results. On the equilibrium rotation of Earth-like extra-solar planets. On the nature of the intermittent pulsar PSR B1931+24. Towards A Census of Earth-mass Exo-planets with Gravitational   Microlensing. Inferring statistics of planet populations by means of automated   microlensing searches. Theoretical Formulation of the Origin of Cataclysmic Late Heavy   Bombardment Era based on the New Perspective of Birth & Evolution of Solar   Systems. The Implications of the Early Formation of Life on Earth. Tidal dissipation in binary systems. TEST - The Tautenburg Exoplanet Search Telescope. Searching for the secondary eclipse of CoRoT-Exo-2b and its transit   timing variations. Characterizing Long-Period Transiting Planets Observed by Kepler. A Search for Exotrojans in Transiting Exoplanetary systems. Radiative Hydrodynamical Studies of Irradiated Atmospheres. Disk Truncation and Planet Formation in gamma Cephei. On the Difference in Statistical Behavior Between Astrometric and   Radial-Velocity Planet Detections. Theoretical Radii of Extrasolar Giant Planets: the Cases of TrES-4,   XO-3b, and HAT-P-1b. A Massive Core in Jupiter Predicted From First-Principles Simulations. Extrasolar Planet Eccentricities from Scattering in the Presence of   Residual Gas Disks. Summary of the DUNE Mission Concept. Deep L' and M-band Imaging for Planets Around Vega and epsilon Eridani. The Distribution of Basaltic Asteroids in the Main Belt. UTM, a universal simulator for lightcurves of transiting systems. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission IV: CoRoT-Exo-4b: A   transiting planet in a 9.2 day synchronous orbit. The Dark UNiverse Explorer (DUNE): Proposal to ESA's Cosmic Vision. Radio-Loud QSOs and Sub-Millimeter Galaxies: Space Distributions. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission V. CoRoT-Exo-4b:   Stellar and planetary parameters. New M dwarf debris disk candidates in NGC 2547. Spectrum and atmosphere models of irradiated transiting extrasolar giant   planets. Extrasolar Giant Planets and X-ray Activity. Imaging reconstruction for infrared interferometry: first images of YSOs   environment. Prospects for near-infrared characterisation of hot Jupiters with VSI. Planetary Migration in Resonance, the question of the Eccentricities :   Les Houches contribution. The NASA EPOXI mission of opportunity to gather ultraprecise photometry   of known transiting exoplanets. Preliminary Results on HAT-P-4, TrES-3, XO-2, and GJ 436 from the NASA   EPOXI Mission. Prospects of long-time-series observations from Dome C for transit   search. Getting More For Your Money: Identifying and Confirming Long-Period   Planets with Kepler. Wavefront error correction and Earth-like planet detection by   Self-Coherent Camera in space. Transits and secondary eclipses of HD 189733 with Spitzer. Confirmation of a gapped primordial disk around LkCa 15. The Very Low Albedo of an Extrasolar Planet: MOST Spacebased Photometry   of HD 209458. A Spitzer Study of Debris Disks In The Young Nearby Cluster NGC 2232:   Icy Planets Are Common Around ~ 1.5--3 Solar-Mass Stars. Astrometric Detection of exo-Earths in the Presence of Stellar Noise. Towards the Albedo of an Exoplanet: MOST Satellite Observations of   Bright Transiting Exoplanetary Systems. Theory and laboratory tests of the multi-stage phase mask coronagraph. Evaporation of extrasolar planets. Cloudy Atmosphere of the Extra-solar Planet HD189733b : A Possible   Explanation of the Detected B-band Polarization. Accretion and destruction of planetesimals in turbulent disks. Overview of the SIM PlanetQuest Light (SIM-Lite) mission concept. Reflected light from 3D exoplanetary atmospheres and simulation of HD   209458b. Determination of stellar, orbital and planetary parameters using   complete Monte-Carlo analysis -- the case of HAT-P-7b. Toward detection of terrestrial planets in the habitable zone of our   closest neighbor: Proxima Centauri. Motion of dust in mean-motion resonances with planets. Investigating thermal evolution of the self-gravitating one dimensional   molecular cloud by smoothed particle hydrodynamics. A Precise Estimate of the Radius of HD 149026b. The MEarth project: searching for transiting habitable super-Earths   around nearby M-dwarfs. Variations on Debris Disks: Icy Planet Formation at 30-150 AU for 1-3   Solar Mass Main Sequence Stars. Dynamics of small bodies in planetary systems. The Broadband Infrared Emission Spectrum of the Exoplanet HD 189733b. Stable chaos in the 55Cnc exoplanetary system?. Induced Kozai Migration and Formation of Close-in Planets in Binaries. True solar analogues in the open cluster M67. VSI: the VLTI spectro-imager. The Impact of Transiting Planet Science on the Next Generation of   Direct-Imaging Planet Searches. Searching for transit timing variations in transiting exoplanet systems. Organic Matter in Space - an Overview. Defining planets by a generating function. End to End Simulation of AO-assisted coronagraphic differential imaging:   estimation of performance for SPHERE. Prototyping coronagraphs for exoplanet characterization with SPHERE. Tides and the Evolution of Planetary Habitability. Type II Migration: Varying Planet Mass and Disc Viscosity. Collisional and Thermal Emission Models of Debris Disks: Towards   Planetesimal Population Properties. Identifying Transiting Circumbinary Planets. Measurements of Stellar Properties through Asteroseismology: A Tool for   Planet Transit Studies. SuperLupus: A Deep, Long Duration Transit Survey. A comprehensive examination of the Eps Eri system -- Verification of a 4   micron narrow-band high-contrast imaging approach for planet searches. Planetary Companions to Evolved Intermediate-Mass Stars: 14 Andromedae,   81 Ceti, 6 Lyncis, and HD 167042. A time-dependent radiative model for the atmosphere of the eccentric   transiting planets. Predicting the Yields of Photometric Surveys for Transiting Planets. The case for a close-in perturber to GJ 436 b. Solar twins in M67. Transit Detection of Radial Velocity Planets. Pushing the precision limit of ground-based eclipse photometry. The NStED Stellar and Exoplanet Hosting Star Service. Exoplanet Mapping Revealed. Predicting the Yields of Photometric Surveys for Transiting Extrasolar   Planets. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets. XIII. A planetary   system with 3 Super-Earths (4.2, 6.9, & 9.2 Earth masses). Optimal strategies of radial velocity observations in planet search   surveys. Comparing the performance of stellar variability filters for the   detection of planetary transits. Prospects for the habitability of OGLE-2006-BLG-109L. What to Expect from Transiting Multiplanet Systems. Toward a homogeneous set of transiting planet parameters. Planet Migration and Disk Destruction due to Magneto-Centrifugal Stellar   Winds. Migration and growth of giant planets in self-gravitating disks with   varied thermodynamics. The Spin-Orbit Alignment of the HD17156 Transiting Eccentric Planetary   System. Planetesimal Accretion in Binary Systems: The Effects of Gas Dissipation. Stardust findings favor not only the planetary origin of comets but the   underlying close-binary cosmogony of the Solar system as well. Observational Consequences of the Recently Proposed Super-Earth Orbiting   GJ436. The NStED Exoplanet Transit Survey Service. Current-driven instabilities in weakly ionized disks. Limits to the planet candidate GJ 436c. Dark Matter in the Solar System. Restarting engine in an X-shaped radio galaxy. SSPMJ1102-3431 brown dwarf characterization from accurate proper motion   and trigonometric parallax. Detection of period variations in extrasolar transiting planet   OGLE-TR-111b. Migration of Protoplanets in Radiative Disks. Near Infrared Monitoring of Ultracool Dwarfs: Prospects for Searching   for Transiting Companions. Orbital Dynamics Of A Possible Second Planet In HD 17156. Precise Wavefront Correction with an Unbalanced Nulling Interferometer   for Exo-Planet Imaging Coronagraphs. Magnetic fields in star-forming galaxies at high and low redshift. Differential rotation in giant planets maintained by density-stratified   turbulent convection. Evolution of Migrating Planets Undergoing Gas Accretion. Measurement of the Spin-Orbit Angle of Exoplanet HAT-P-1b. Formation and accretion history of terrestrial planets from runaway   growth through to late time: implications for orbital eccentricity. A view of the sub-mJy populations, modelling and perspectives for future   deep surveys. Assembling the Building Blocks of Giant Planets around Intermediate Mass   Stars. SPH simulations of grain growth in protoplanetary disks. A Hubble Space Telescope transit light curve for GJ436b. Ab initio Equation of State data for hydrogen, helium, and water and the   internal structure of Jupiter. Origins of Eccentric Extrasolar Planets: Testing the Planet-Planet   Scattering Model. Planet formation in Alpha Centauri A revisited: not so   accretion-friendly after all. Misaligned spin-orbit in the XO-3 planetary system?. Periastron Precession Measurements in Transiting Extrasolar Planetary   Systems at the Level of General Relativity. Observability of the General Relativistic Precession of Periastra in   Exoplanets. Gravitational lens surveys with LOFAR. The Role of Solar Neutrinos in the Jupiter. The Warped Plane of the Classical Kuiper Belt. Predicting low-frequency radio fluxes of known extrasolar planets. HD 179949b: A Close Orbiting Extrasolar Giant Planet with a   stratosphere?. Toward a Deterministic Model of Planetary Formation V. Accumulation Near   the Ice Line. On the Eccentricity Distribution of Exoplanets from Radial Velocity   Surveys. A Low-Mass Planet with a Possible Sub-Stellar-Mass Host in Microlensing   Event MOA-2007-BLG-192. Spectroscopic parameters for 451 stars in the HARPS GTO planet search   program. Stellar [Fe/H] and the frequency of exo-Neptunes. ELODIE metallicity-biased search for transiting Hot Jupiters V. An   intermediate-period Jovian planet orbiting HD45652. Solar system constraints on the Dvali-Gabadadze-Porrati braneworld   theory of gravity. Possibility of Detecting Moons of Pulsar Planets Through Time-of-Arrival   Analysis. Basic Mechanics of Planet-Satellite Interaction with special reference   to Earth-Moon System. Spectroscopic metallicities of Vega-like stars. The nature of gamma ray blazar candidate PMN J1326-5256. A Region Void of Irregular Satellites Around Jupiter. Baroclinic Generation of Potential Vorticity in an Embedded Planet-Disk   System. The Evolution of Circumstellar Disks in Ophiuchus Binaries. Spectro-astrometric imaging of molecular gas within protoplanetary disk   gaps. The Molecular Hydrogen Explorer H2EX. Hot Jupiters and stellar magnetic activity. XO-4b: An Extrasolar Planet Transiting an F5V Star. Microlensing Detections of Moons of Exoplanets. Stellar Parameters and Elemental Abundances of Late-G Giants. WASP-7: The brightest transiting-exoplanet system in the Southern   hemisphere. Thermal Emission of Exoplanet XO-1b. XO-5b: A Transiting Jupiter-sized Planet With A Four Day Period. The birth and death of organic molecules in protoplanetary disks. Infall of planetesimals onto growing giant planets: onset of runaway gas   accretion and metallicity of their gas envelopes. Dynamical Outcomes of Planet-Planet Scattering. The web-PLOP observation prioritisation system. Precision Astrometry with Adaptive Optics. CN-Cycle Solar Neutrinos and Sun's Primordial Core Metalicity. On the long-term tidal evolution of GJ 436b in the presence of a   resonant companion. DARWIN - A Mission to Detect, and Search for Life on, Extrasolar Planets. Dynamical Origin of Extrasolar Planet Eccentricity Distribution. Spitzer IRAC Observations of White Dwarfs. II. Massive Planetary and   Cold Brown Dwarf Companions to Young and Old Degenerates. High magnification events by MOA in 2007. Turbulence in Extrasolar Planetary Systems Implies that Mean Motion   Resonances are Rare. A secular theory of coplanar, non-resonant planetary system. Planet Formation in Binary Stars: The case of Gamma Cephei. Submillimetre point sources from the Archeops experiment: Very Cold   Clumps in the Galactic Plane. An Algorithm For Photometric Identification Of Transiting Circumbinary   Planets. A Characteristic Planetary Feature in Double-Peaked, High-Magnification   Microlensing Events. Synthetic Spectra and Colors of Young Giant Planet Atmospheres: Effects   of Initial Conditions and Atmospheric Metallicity. Ground-based detection of sodium in the transmission spectrum of   exoplanet HD209458b. Improved parameters for the transiting planet HD 17156b: a high-density   giant planet with a very eccentric orbit. Nonuniform viscosity in the solar nebula and large masses of Jupiter and   Saturn. Rayleigh scattering by H2 in the extrasolar planet HD209458b. Optical Albedo Theory of Strongly-Irradiated Giant Planets: The Case of   HD 209458b. Disk Dispersal and Planet Formation Time Scales. Planetary Systems in Binaries. I. Dynamical Classification. The Relativistic Factor in the Orbital Dynamics of Point Masses. HD 75289Ab revisited - Searching for starlight reflected from a hot   Jupiter. The nature of mid-infrared excesses from hot dust around Sun-like stars. On disc protoplanet interactions in a non-barotropic disc with thermal   diffusion. The Successful Prediction of the Extrasolar Planet HD 74156 d. The Transit Light Curve Project. IX. Evidence for a Smaller Radius of   the Exoplanet XO-3b. High-resolution radio observations of nuclear and circumnuclear   starbursts in Luminous Infrared Galaxies. Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics in Thermal Phases of a One Dimensional   Molecular Cloud. The Concordance Model - a Heuristic Approach from a Stationary Universe. Analytic calculations of the spectra of ultra-high energy cosmic ray   nuclei. I. The case of CMB radiation. IC10~X-1/NGC300~X-1: the very immediate progenitors of BH-BH binaries. Discovering Ultra High Energy Neutrinos by Horizontal and Upward tau   Air-Showers: Evidences in Terrestrial Gamma Flashes?. Atmospheric Consequences of Cosmic Ray Variability in the Extragalactic   Shock Model II: Revised ionization levels and their consequences. Dark matter annihilation at cosmological redshifts: possible relic   signal from annihilation of weakly interacting massive particles. SCP06F6: A carbon-rich extragalactic transient at redshift z~0.14?. Late Gas accretion onto Primordial Minihalos: a Model for Leo T, Dark   Galaxies and Extragalactic High-Velocity Clouds. The Blazar Sequence and the Cosmic Gamma-Ray Background Radiation in the   Fermi Era. Galactic vs. Extragalactic Origin of the Peculiar Transient SCP 06F6. Cross-Correlation between UHECR Arrival Distribution and Large-Scale   Structure. Constraints on amplitudes of curvature perturbations from primordial   black holes. The Diffuse Supernova Neutrino Background is detectable in   Super-Kamiokande. Proper motion of reference radio sources. Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays from Black Hole Jets of Radio Galaxies. Detection and extraction of signals from the epoch of reionization using   higher order one-point statistics. Extragalactic Point Source Search in Five-year WMAP 41, 61 and 94 GHz   Maps. On the possibility of primary identification of individual cosmic ray   showers. Ionised carbon and galaxy activity. New prediction of extragalactic GeV gamma-ray emission from radio lobes   of young AGN jets. First stars and the extragalactic background light: How recent gamma-ray   observations constrain the early universe. The nucleus of NGC 253 and its massive stellar clusters at parsec scales. Dark stars: Implications and constraints from cosmic reionization and   extragalactic background radiation. Will point sources spoil 21 cm tomography?. Unveiling the nature of INTEGRAL objects through optical spectroscopy.   VII. Identification of 20 Galactic and extragalactic hard X-ray sources. 3C66B as a TeV radiogalaxy. Cosmogenic neutrinos as a probe of the transition from Galactic to   extragalactic cosmic rays. Horizontal Branch Stars: The Interplay between Observations and Theory,   and Insights into the Formation of the Galaxy. Galactic and Extragalactic Magnetic Fields. Constraints on the Very High Energy Emission from BL Lacertae Objects. Probing parsec scale jets in AGN with geodetic VLBI. Black Holes Admitting Strong Resonant Phenomena. A Sensitive Search For [NII] Emission in a z=6.4 Quasar Host Galaxy. Is the Universe More Transparent to Gamma Rays Than Previously Thought?. Non thermal emission from microquasar/ISM interaction. Episodic Magnetic Bubbles and Jets: Astrophysical Implications from   Laboratory Experiments. Detecting Magnetic Fields in Large-Scale Structure with Radio   Polarization. A Millimetre Survey of Starburst Dominated Ultraluminous Infrared   Galaxies at z~2. Gas and Stars in Galaxies - A Multi-Wavelength 3D Perspective. Feeding versus Feedback in NGC 4151 probed with Gemini NIFS. I.   Excitation. Jets and multi-phase turbulence. AzTEC Millimetre Survey of the COSMOS Field - II. Source Count   Overdensity and Correlations with Large-Scale Structure. Section on Extragalactic Science Topics of the White Paper on the Status   and Future of Ground-Based TeV Gamma-Ray Astronomy. The Impact of Simulations in Cosmology and Galaxy Formation A summary of   the Workshop NOVICOSMO 2008. Radio source stacking and the infrared / radio correlation at microJy   flux densities. GALEX Observations of Diffuse UV Radiation at High Spatial Resolution   from the Sandage Nebulosity. The Megamaser Cosmology Project: I. VLBI observations of UGC 3789. Photon propagation and the VHE gamma-ray spectra of blazars: how   transparent is really the Universe?. Three Dimensional Line Transfer Study of Energy Sources in Compact   Molecular Gas in Active Galaxies -- AGN/Starburst Connection --. Diffuse Extragalactic Background Radiation. On the nature of the extragalactic number counts in the K-band. High-energy Particle Acceleration and Production of Ultra-high-energy   Cosmic Rays in the Giant Lobes of Centaurus A. The Apparent "Angular Size - Frequency" Dependence in ~3000 Parsec-scale   Extragalactic Jets. A kinematic study of the irregular dwarf galaxy NGC 2366 using HI and   Halpha observations. MAGIC upper limits to the VHE gamma-ray flux of 3C454.3 in high emission   state. Cosmic-ray knee and diffuse gamma, e+ and pbar fluxes from collisions of   cosmic rays with dark matter. A Blind Search for Bursts of Very High Enery Gamma Rays with Milagro. Charges on Strange Quark Nuggets in Space. Uncertainties in Theoretical HeI Emissivities: HII Regions, Primordial   Abundance, and Cosmological Recombination. TeV Gamma-ray Astronomy: The Story So Far. The Spitzer c2d Legacy Results: Star Formation Rates and Efficiencies;   Evolution and Lifetimes. An EVLA search for water megamaser emission in the submm galaxy SMM   J16359+6612 at z=2.5. Early Annihilation and Diffuse Backgrounds in 1/v WIMP models. The Pierre Auger Observatory - a new stage in the study of the   ultra-high energy cosmic rays. Status of neutrino astronomy. The Intergalactic Propagation of Ultra-High Energy Cosmic Ray Nuclei: An   Analytic Approach. AGN population in the deepest hard X-ray extragalactic survey. Implications of cosmic ray results for UHE neutrinos. Gravitational Lensing and f(R) theories in the Palatini approach. Intrinsic absorption in 3C 279 at GeV-TeV energies and consequences for   estimates of the EBL. Hard X-Ray sources observed by INTEGRAL/IBIS and their science. De-contamination of cosmological 21-cm maps. Gravitino Dark Matter in R-Parity Breaking Vacua. Report of IAU Commission 30 on Radial Velocities (2006-2009). Detection of the 13CO(J=6-5) Transition in the Starburst Galaxy NGC 253. Detecting the Cosmic Dipole Anisotropy in Large-Scale Radio Surveys. Highlights of multi-wavelengths surveys in the Zone of Avoidance. VHE Gamma-ray Afterglow Emission from Nearby GRBs. Detection of quiescent galaxies in a bicolor sequence from z=0-2. Timescales for Low-Mass Star Formation in Extragalactic Environments:   Implications for the Stellar IMF. The Arecibo Legacy Fast ALFA Survey VII: A Neutral Hydrogen Cloud   Complex in the Virgo Cluster. The Quijote CMB Experiment. Open cluster stability and the effects of binary stars. Resolved Properties of Extragalactic Giant Molecular Clouds. The GZK horizon and constraints on the cosmic ray source spectrum from   observations in the GZK regime. The CO line SED and atomic carbon in IRAS F10214+4724. Constraints to Energy Spectra of Blazars based on Recent EBL Limits from   Galaxy Counts. Propagation of ultra high energy cosmic rays. Blind and non-blind source detection in WMAP 5-year maps. Underground Muon Counters as a Tool for Composition Analyses. Physics of the central region in the quasar 0850+581. On the possible observational manifestation of supernova shock impact on   the neutron star magnetosphere. Roma-BZCAT: A multifrequency catalogue of Blazars. The implications from CANGAROO-III observations of TeV blazar PKS   2155-304. The Nature of Unresolved Soft X-ray Emission from the Galactic Disk. VERITAS Observations of Extragalactic Non-Blazars. A strict lower-limit EBL: Applications on gamma-ray absorption. The star clusters of the Magellanic System. Galaxy formation & evolution: the far-ir/sub-mm view. The Discovery of Diffuse Radio Polarization Structures in the NVSS. Scientific Highlights from Observations of Active Galactic Nuclei with   the MAGIC Telescope. On the chemistry and distribution of HOC+ in M82: More evidence for   extensive PDRs. What do dynamical cluster masses really tell us about dynamics?. Status of the VERITAS Observatory. The Status and future of ground-based TeV gamma-ray astronomy. A White   Paper prepared for the Division of Astrophysics of the American Physical   Society. H2 Energetics in Galaxy-wide Shocks: Insights in Starburst Triggering   and Galaxy Formation. VERITAS Observations of the BL Lac Object 1ES 1218+304. VERITAS Blazar Observations - Recent Results. Generalized Maximum Likelihood Method for Ultrahigh Energy Cosmic Rays. The nuclear star cluster of the Milky Way. Detection of Hot Gas in Galaxy Groups via the Sunyaev-Zel'dovich Effect. Kinematics of planetary nebulae in the outskirts of the elliptical   galaxy NGC 4697. Radio Remote Sensing of the Corona and the Solar Wind. Extragalactic Classical Nova Surveys. The Formation & Evolution of Galaxies Making Up the CIRB : FIR/Submm   Extragalactic Surveys From Dome C. Deep 610-MHz Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope observations of the Spitzer   extragalactic First Look Survey field - III. The radio properties of   Infrared-Faint Radio Sources. Gamma Rays from Ultra-High Energy Cosmic Rays in Cygnus A. Aligning VLBI Images of Active Galactic Nuclei at Different Frequencies. Origin of ultra-high energy cosmic rays in the era of Auger and   Telescope Array. Stellar Populations of Late-Type Bulges at z=1 in the HUDF. Extragalactic Constraints on the Initial Mass Function. The Complex Structure of the Cl 1604 Supercluster at z~0.9. High precision X-ray logN-logS distributions: implications for the   obscured AGN population. Closing in on the sources of Galactic and extragalactic cosmic rays. M31N 2007-11d: A Slowly-Rising, Luminous Nova in M31. Astrometric suitability of optically-bright ICRF sources for the   alignment with the future Gaia celestial reference frame. Powerful GeV emission from a gamma-ray-burst shock wave scattering   stellar photons. Cosmic rays from active galactic nuclei. The Extragalactic Distance Scale without Cepheids. A novel method for measuring the extragalactic background light: Fermi   application to the lobes of Fornax A. Measuring Outer Disk Warps with Optical Spectroscopy. A novel multi-frequency technique for the detection of point sources in   Cosmic Microwave Background maps. Status of Very High Energy gamma-ray Astronomy as of early 2008. The Acceleration of the Nebular Shells in Planetary Nebulae in the Milky   Way Bulge. Ubiquitous Water Masers in Nearby Star-Forming Galaxies. Prospects for AGN studies with ALMA. The Resolved Properties of Extragalactic Giant Molecular Clouds. Blazing trails: Microquasars as head-tail sources and the seeding of   magnetized plasma into the ISM. On The Origin of the Blue Tilt in Extragalactic Globular Cluster Systems. The ghost of a dwarf galaxy: fossils of the hierarchical formation of   the nearby spiral galaxy NGC 5907. GeV Emission from Prompt and Afterglow Phases of Gamma-Ray Bursts. Spectroscopy of globular clusters in the low-luminosity spiral galaxy   NGC 45. Determining the extragalactic extinction law with SALT. Proton and Neutrino Extragalactic Astronomy. Matrix Filters for the Detection of Extragalactic Point Sources in   Cosmic Microwave Background Images. A Hard X-Ray View of Two Distant VHE Blazars: 1ES 1101-232 and 1ES   1553+113. Signatures of Pseudoscalar Photon Mixing in CMB Radiation. Experimental constraints on the astrophysical interpretation of the   cosmic ray Galactic-extragalactic transition region. Modification of the gamma-ray spectra by internal absorption in OVV   blazars: The example cases of 3C 273 and 3C 279. Cosmic-ray acceleration in supernova shocks. Absorption of 10 Gev--1 Tev Gamma Rays by Radiation from Broad-Line   Region in 3C 279. SSC scenario for VHE emission from 2 radiogalaxies: M 87 and Cen A. Extragalactic jets: a new perspective. Chandra X-Ray Observatory Observations of the Globular Cluster M71. An Assessment of Broadband Optical Colours as Age Indicators for Star   Clusters. The influence of chemical composition on the properties of Cepheid   stars. II-The iron content. DA495 - an aging pulsar wind nebula. New Results from the Auger Observatory. Conference Summary. The redshift distribution of the X-ray background. The Hubble diagram of high redshift objects, QSOs and AGNs. The Rate and Spatial Distribution of Novae in M101 (NGC 5457). The ESO-Spitzer Imaging extragalactic Survey (ESIS) II: VIMOS I,z wide   field imaging of ELAIS-S1 and selection of distant massive galaxies. A Glimpse into the Past: The Recent Evolution of Globular Clusters. The Arecibo Legacy Fast ALFA Survey: VI. Second HI Source Catalog of the   Virgo Cluster Region. CaII and NaI absorption signatures from extraplanar gas in the halo of   the Milky Way. Angular Signatures of Annihilating Dark Matter in the Cosmic Gamma-Ray   Background. Galactic and Extragalactic Distance Scales: The Variable Star Project. The extragalactic optical-infrared background radiations, their time   evolution and the cosmic photon-photon opacity. Magnetic fields in star-forming galaxies at high and low redshift. Radiative Efficiency and Content of Extragalactic Radio Sources: Toward   a Universal Scaling Relation Between Jet Power and Radio Power. An "Ultrasonic Image" of the Embryonic Universe: CMB Polarization Tests   of the Inflationary Paradigm. Extragalactic HI Surveys at Arecibo: the Future. HI Cosmology at z=0: a Brief Review. Formation of dynamical structures in relativistic jets: the FRI case. The Arecibo Legacy Fast ALFA (ALFALFA) Extragalactic HI Survey. Multi-Dimensional Simulations of Radiative Transfer in Aspherical   Core-Collapse Supernovae. TRIS I: Absolute Measurements of the Sky Brightness Temperature at 0.6,   0.82 and 2.5 GHz. Chandra Reveals Twin X-ray Jets in the Powerful FR-II Radio Galaxy 3C353. Properties of dusty tori in AGN: I. The Case of SWIRE/SDSS Quasars. HI clouds in the proximity of M33. Implications of the cosmic ray spectrum for the mass composition at the   highest energies. Correlation of CMB with large-scale structure: II. Weak lensing. A semi-empirical simulation of the extragalactic radio continuum sky for   next generation radio telescopes. The Solar Wind Charge-eXchange contribution to the Local Soft X-ray   Background. Model to data comparison in the 0.1-1.0 keV band. The Molecular Hydrogen Explorer H2EX. Limits on the speed of gravitational waves from pulsar timing. Hubble redshift and the Heisenberg frequency uncertainty: on a coherence   (or pulse) time signature in extragalactic light. The ChaMP Extended Stellar Survey (ChESS): Photometric and Spectroscopic   Properties of Serendipitously Detected Stellar X-ray Sources. Propagation of UHE Protons through Magnetized Cosmic Web. Reduction of CCD observations obtained with the Fabry-Perot scanning   interferometer. II. Additional Procedures. HST NICMOS imaging of z~2, 24 micron-selected Ultraluminous Infrared   Galaxies. Tracing star formation in galaxies with molecular line and continuum   observations. Searching for a Correlation Between Cosmic-Ray Sources Above 10^{19} eV   and Large-Scale Structure. Cepheids in external galaxies. I. The maser-host galaxy NGC 4258 and the   metallicity dependence of P-L and P-W relations. ASTE CO(3--2) Observations of the Southern Barred Spiral Galaxy NGC 986:   a Large Gaseous Bar Filled with Dense Molecular Medium. Massive stars in the nuclei and arms of spirals. The Arecibo Arp 220 Spectral Census I: Discovery of the Pre-Biotic   Molecule Methanimine and New Cm-wavelength Transitions of Other Molecules. The Contribution of AGN and Star-Forming Galaxies to the Mid-Infrared as   Revealed by their Spectral Energy Distributions. Systematic effects in apparent proper motion of radio sources. Spectroscopic Confirmation of Faint Lyman Break Galaxies at Redshifts   Four and Five in the Hubble Ultra Deep Field. A Survey About Nothing: Monitoring a Million Supergiants for Failed   Supernovae. Spitzer IRS Spectra of Optically Faint IRAS Sources. Mapping Hydrogen in the Galaxy, Galactic Halo, and Local Group with   ALFA: The GALFA-HI Survey Starting with TOGS. Antimatter Signatures of Gravitino Dark Matter Decay. Multi-step VLBI observations of weak extragalactic radio sources to   align the ICRF and the future GAIA frame. The AMIGA sample of isolated galaxies. VII. Far-infrared and radio   continuum study of nuclear activity. Ideal magnetohydrodynamic simulation of magnetic bubble expansion as a   model for extragalactic radio lobes. Opacity in compact extragalactic radio sources and its effect on   astrophysical and astrometric studies. The obscured gamma-ray and UHECR universe. The core flux of the brightest 10 micron galaxies in the southern sky. Induced scattering of short radio pulses. New active galactic nuclei detected in ROSAT All Sky Survey galaxies -   The complete dataset. On the origin of ultra high energy cosmic rays: Subluminal and   superluminal relativistic shocks. VLBI Surveys of Active Galactic Nuclei. Gamma-ray Bursts, Classified Physically. Galactic HI on the 50-AU scale in the direction of three extra-galactic   sources observed with MERLIN. Spitzer Observations of M33 and the Hot Star, H II Region Connection. Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect in the Virgo cluster from WMAP and ROSAT data. The HI distribution in the outskirts of M33 with the ALFALFA survey. The Balloon-borne Large Aperture Submillimeter Telescope (BLAST) 2005:   Calibration and Targeted Sources. Westerlund 1: bound or unbound?. Extragalactic Zeeman Detections in OH Megamasers. The contribution of the Unresolved Extragalactic Radio Sources to the   Brightness Temperature of the sky. The Local Velocity Field. Temperature Differences in the Cepheid Instability Strip Require   Differences in the Period-Luminosity Relation in Slope and Zero Point. Spatially resolved dusty torus toward the red supergiant WOH G64 in the   Large Magellanic Cloud. Extragalactic Stellar Astronomy with the Brightest Stars in the Universe. Seoul National University Bright Quasar Survey in Optical (SNUQSO). II.   Discovery of 40 Bright Quasars Near the Galactic Plane. A celestial gamma-ray foreground due to the albedo of small solar system   bodies and a remote probe of the interstellar cosmic ray spectrum. FIRST `Winged' and `X'-shaped Radio Source Candidates. Understanding the 8 micron vs. Pa-alpha relationship on sub-arcsecond   scales in Luminous Infrared Galaxies. The Kinematic Properties of the Extended Disks of Spiral Galaxies: A   Sample of Edge-On Galaxies. The Milky Way as a Kiloparsec-Scale Axionscope. SSC scenario for TeV emission from non-blazar AGNs. A Vlbi Survey of Weak Extragalactic Radio Sources for the Alignment of   the Icrf and the Future Gaia Frame. Global anisotropy of arrival directions of ultra-high-energy cosmic   rays: capabilities of space-based detectors. The extragalactic radio-source population at 95 GHz. A catalog of mid-infrared sources in the Extended Groth Strip. The SCUBA Half Degree Extragalactic Survey (SHADES) - IX: the   environment, mass and redshift dependence of star formation. Radio-loud and radio-quiet quasars: one population, different epochs of   observation. A search for Extragalactic Sources of Ultrahigh-Energy Cosmic Rays. The SCUBA Half-Degree Extragalactic Survey (SHADES) - VIII. The Nature   of Faint Submm Galaxies in SHADES, SWIRE and SXDF Surveys. Cold gas accretion in galaxies. Multi-frequency spectral analysis of extragalactic radio sources in the   33-GHz VSA catalogue: sources with flattening and upturn spectrum. The Star Formation History of the Universe as Revealed by Deep Radio   Observations. Gravitational Lens Systems to probe Extragalactic Magnetic Fields. On the Evolution of and High-Energy Emission from GHz-Peaked-Spectrum   Sources. Constraints on Large-Scale Magnetic Fields from the Auger Results. Detection of the H92alpha recombination line from the starbursts in the   Circinus galaxy and NGC 1808. The outer scale of turbulence in the magneto-ionized Galactic   interstellar medium. Deep Fabry-Perot Halpha Observations of NGC 7793: a Very Extended Halpha   Disk and a Truly Declining Rotation Curve. Redshift Distribution of Extragalactic 24 micron Sources. The AUGER experiment - status and results. Superdisks in Radio Galaxies: Jet-Wind Interactions. Extragalactic jets with helical magnetic fields: relativistic MHD   simulations. GPS & CSS radio sources and space-VLBI. Astrophysical interpretation of the medium scale clustering in the   ultra-high energy sky. ALFALFA: The Search for (Almost) Dark Galaxies and their Space   Distribution. The Australia Telescope 20 GHz (AT20G) Survey: The Bright Source Sample. Nonthermal Synchrotron and Synchrotron Self-Compton Emission from GRBs:   Predictions for {\em Swift} and {\em GLAST}. The power of blazar jets. Gamma-ray emission from the solar halo and disk: a study with EGRET data. A downward revision to the distance of the 1806-20 cluster and   associated magnetar from Gemini near-Infrared spectroscopy. The SCUBA HAlf Degree Extragalactic Survey (SHADES) - VII. Optical/IR   photometry and stellar masses of sub-millimeter galaxies. The Zurich Extragalactic Bayesian Redshift Analyzer (ZEBRA), version 1.0   -- User manual. Optical depth for VHE gamma-rays from distant sources from a generic EBL   density. Synoptic studies of seventeen blazars detected in very high-energy   gamma-rays. Multi-wavelength surveys towards the SKA pathfinders. Centrifugally driven electrostatic instability in extragalactic jets. The Subaru/XMM-Newton Deep Survey (SXDS) - II. Optical Imaging and   Photometric Catalogs. Formation of hard VHE gamma-ray spectra of blazars due to internal   photon-photon absorption. Astroparticle Physics: Puzzles and Discoveries. TeV Gamma-Ray Astrophysics. Extragalactic Point Source Search in WMAP 61 and 94 GHz Data. Methods for point source analysis in high energy neutrino telescopes. The Period-Luminosity Relation for the Large Magellanic Cloud Cepheids   Derived from Spitzer Archival Data. Extragalactic H3O+: Some Consequences. Isolated X-ray -- infrared sources in the region of interaction of the   supernova remnant IC 443 with a molecular cloud. Spectroscopic ages and metallicities of stellar populations: validation   of full spectrum fitting. Inhomogeneous extragalactic magnetic fields and the second knee in the   cosmic ray spectrum. The far-IR view of Sgr B2 and Orion KL. Jet spectra in FR I radio galaxies: implications for particle   acceleration. Jet-environment interactions in FRI radio galaxies. Sunyaev-Zeldovich and Cosmic Microwave Background. Extragalactic Jets: Reflections on the 2007 Alaska Conference. Observational Overview of the Feeding of Active Galactic Nuclei. Systematic search for VHE gamma-ray emission from X-ray bright   high-frequency BL Lac objects. GRB 070201: A possible Soft Gamma Ray Repeater in M31. The Non-thermal Radio Jet Toward the NGC 2264 Star Formation Region. Extragalactic Objects and Next Generation Interferometers. Heavy Cosmic Ray Nuclei from Extragalactic Sources above 'The Ankle'. Gamma-ray Astronomy. Evidence for a new light spin-zero boson from cosmological gamma-ray   propagation?. Variable Low-Mass X-ray Binaries in Early-Type Galaxies. On Gamma Ray Burst and Blazar AGN Origins of the Ultra-High Energy   Cosmic Rays in Light of First Results from Auger. Comparison of Distances from RR Lyrae Stars, the Tip of the Red-Giant   Branch and Classical Cepheids. X-ray spectral evolution of TeV BL Lac objects: eleven years of   observations with BeppoSAX, XMM-Newton and SWIFT satellites. Bias Properties of Extragalactic Distance Indicators XII: Bias Effects   of Slope Differences and Intrinsic Dispersion on Tully-Fisher Distances to   Galaxy Clusters with Application to the Virgo Cluster. The Angular Clustering of Distant Galaxy Clusters. Gemini/GMOS Spectroscopy of the Spheroid and Globular Cluster System of   NGC 3923. How many radio-loud quasars can be detected by the Gamma-Ray Large Area   Space Telescope?. Detection of an intergalactic meteor particle with the 6-m telescope. VLT-VIMOS integral field spectroscopy of luminous and ultraluminous   infrared galaxies. I. The sample and first results. Deep ATLAS Radio Observations of the ELAIS-S1/Spitzer Wide-Area Infrared   Extragalctic field. Three Dimensional Molecular Line Transfer Study of Extragalactic ISM :   AGN/Starburst Connection. The Highest Redshift Relativistic Jets. How rapidly do neutron stars spin at birth? Constraints from archival   X-ray observations of extragalactic supernovae. The SCUBA HAlf Degree Extragalactic Survey (SHADES) -- VI. 350 micron   mapping of submillimetre galaxies. Proper motions of ROSAT discovered isolated neutron stars measured with   Chandra: First X-ray measurement of the large proper motion of RX   J1308.6+2127/RBS 1223. Magnetic field near the central region of the Galaxy: Rotation measure   of extragalactic sources. Extragalactic sources towards the central region of the Galaxy. Gamma-ray background: a review. BL Lac Contribution to the Extragalactic Gamma-Ray Background. The Properties of Dense Molecular Gas in the Milky Way and Galaxies. Hyperflares of SGRs as an engine for millisecond extragalactic radio   bursts. Can Chandra resolve the remaining cosmic X-ray background?. Comment on "Correlation of the Highest-Energy Cosmic Rays with Nearby   Extragalactic Objects". VLBI observations of weak extragalactic radio sources for the alignment   of the future GAIA frame with the ICRF. Signatures of the transition from galactic to extragalactic cosmic rays. Statistical properties of extragalactic sources in the New Extragalactic   WMAP Point Source (NEWPS) catalogue. Quasars and the Hubble Relation. M-Dwarfs at Large Heliocentric Distances. Correlation of the highest energy cosmic rays with nearby extragalactic   objects. Detection of extragalactic H3O+. Extragalactic Surveys: AGN physics and evolution. Predicting spectral features in galaxy spectra from broad-band   photometry. V838 Monocerotis: A Geometric Distance from Hubble Space Telescope   Polarimetric Imaging of its Light Echo. Galaxy Counts at 24 Microns in the SWIRE Fields. Absolute kinematics of radio source components in the complete S5 polar   cap sample. III. First wide-field high-precision astrometry at 15.4 GHz. The Spectrum of 1ES0229 + 200 and the Cosmic Infrared Background. The Cosmic MeV Gamma-ray Background and Hard X-ray Spectra of Active   Galactic Nuclei: Implications for the Origin of Hot AGN Coronae. The Likely Cause of the EGRET GeV Anomaly and its Implications. Searching for the Precursors of Life in External Galaxies. Star formation in the hosts of GHz peaked spectrum and compact steep   spectrum radio galaxies. Photometric Redshift Error Estimators. High-energy neutrinos from astrophysical accelerators of cosmic ray   nuclei. Deep Extragalactic VLBI-Optical Survey (DEVOS) II. Efficient VLBI   detection of SDSS quasars. Clustering of galaxies at 3.6 microns in the Spitzer Wide-area Infrared   Extragalactic legacy survey. The Arecibo Legacy Fast ALFA Survey: V. HI Source Catalog of the   Anti-Virgo Region at dec=27 degrees. ASPID-SR: Prototype of a VO-compliant Science-Ready Data Archive. X-ray Observables of Magnetically Dominated Cavities in Clusters. High-Redshift QSOs in the SWIRE Survey and the z~3 QSO Luminosity   Function. GZK Photons as Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays. Spectral analysis of LMC X-2 with XMM/Newton: unveiling the emission   process in the extragalactic Z-source. Stellar Objects of Extragalactic Origin in the Galactic Halo. Time-dependent magnetohydrodynamic self-similar extragalactic jets. Large-scale Propagation of Very Light Jets in Galaxy Clusters. The Highest Energy Neutrinos. Starburst Intensity Limit of Galaxies at z~5-6. An Overview of the SPACE Mission Proposal. Opacity in compact extragalactic radio sources and its effect on   radio-optical reference frame alignment. Transition from galactic to extragalactic cosmic rays. The end of the Galactic spectrum. Clues to Globular Cluster Evolution from Multiwavelength Observations of   Extragalactic Systems. Large-Angular-Scale Clustering as a Clue to the Source of UHECRs. A synchrotron self-Compton scenario for the very high energy gamma-ray   emission of the radiogalaxy M87. Indirect Searches For Dark Matter: Signals, Hints and Otherwise. Sizes of Confirmed Globular Clusters in NGC 5128: A Wide-Field   High-Resolution Study. Astrophysical implications of high energy neutrino limits. Estimation Prospects of the Source Number Density of Ultra-high-energy   Cosmic Rays. The interplay between radio jets and ISM in sub-kpc radio sources. Magnetic-field fluctuations around the radio galaxy 3C 31. Towards unravelling the structural distribution of ultra-high-energy   cosmic ray sources. Unresolved Unidentified Source Contribution to the Gamma-ray Background. Anatomy of a Young Massive Star Cluster: NGC 1569-B. Some doubts on the validity of the foreground Galactic contribution   subtraction from microwave anisotropies. Investigation of the Faraday Rotation Measure and Magnetic Field   Structures of Several AGN Jets on Sub-Parsec to Parsec Scales. The Spectral Shape of the Gamma-ray Background from Blazars. Two populations are better than one: Short gamma-ray bursts from SGR   giant flares and NS-NS mergers. New constraints on the Mid-IR EBL from the HESS discovery of VHE gamma   rays from 1ES 0229+200. BAT X-ray Survey - III: X-ray Spectra and Statistical Properties. A bright millisecond radio burst of extragalactic origin. Observations of 1ES 0647+250 and 1ES 0806+524 with VERITAS. Observation of M87 with VERITAS. The Spitzer c2d Survey of Large, Nearby, Interstellar Clouds: VII.   Ophiuchus Observed with MIPS. Opportunities for maser studies with the Square Kilometre Array. The Variable Warm Absorber in Circinus X-1. Cosmological Cosmic Rays: Sharpening the Primordial Lithium Problem. On the nature of the z=0 X-ray absorbers: I. Clues from an external   group. Constituents of the soft X-ray background. Predictions of Very High Energy gamma-ray fluxes for three Active   Galactic Nuclei. Modeling of the multiwavelength emission of M87 with H.E.S.S.   observations. Cherenkov Telescope Array: The next-generation ground-based gamma-ray   observatory. Stellar Photon and Blazar Archaeology with Gamma-rays. Gamma-ray blazars: the combined AGILE and MAGIC views. Multiwavelength modeling of TeV AGN observed by HESS. Successful ToO triggers on the extragalactic sources with the MAGIC   telescope. Propagation of high-energy cosmic rays in extragalactic turbulent   magnetic fields: resulting energy spectrum and composition. Discovery of Very High Energy Gamma-Rays from the Distant Flat Spectrum   Radio Quasar 3C 279 with the MAGIC Telescope. Observations of Intrahour Variable Quasars: Scattering in our Galactic   Neighbourhood. On the distance of PG 1553+11. A lineless BL Lac object active in the   TeV band. Near-Infrared Variability in the 2MASS Calibration Fields: A Search for   Planetary Transit Candidates. On the Metallicity-Color Relations and Bimodal Color Distributions in   Extragalactic Globular Cluster Systems. Electron Energy Distributions at Relativistic Shock Sites: Observational   Constraints from the Cygnus A Hotspots. Intrinsic Structure and Kinematics of the Sub-Parsec Scale Jet of M87. Astrophysics Motivation behind the Pierre Auger Southern Observatory   Enhancements. Blazar Gamma-Rays, Shock Acceleration, and the Extragalactic Background   Light. Constraining Dark Matter hypothesis through Diffuse Source observations   with the GLAST-LAT detector. Jet Interactions with the Hot Halos of Clusters and Galaxies. How Compact are the Cores of AGN? Sub-Parsec Scale Imaging with VLBI at   Millimeter Wavelengths. The jet of Markarian 501 from the sub-parsec to the kpc scale. MAGIC multiwavelength observations: policy, and some recent results. Anisotropy Studies of the Unresolved Far-infrared Background. The Molonglo Galactic Plane Survey (MGPS-2): Compact Source Catalogue. Detecting a unique EBL signature with TeV gamma rays. Discovery of VHE gamma-rays from the distant BL Lac 1ES 0347-121. Propagation of UHE protons through a magnetized large scale structure. Extragalaxtic Stellar Astronomy. Extragalactic jets on subpc and large scales. HI Cosmology in the Local Universe with ALFALFA. The Role of MHD in the ICM and its Interactions with AGN Outflows. The Diffuse Galactic Gamma-Ray Emission Model for GLAST LAT. The UKIRT Infrared Deep Sky Survey (UKIDSS). The Effelsberg-Bonn HI Survey (EBHIS). Lost Baryons at Low Redshift. The ALFA Zone of Avoidance Survey: Results from the Precursor   Observations. Formaldehyde as a Tracer of Extragalactic Molecular Gas I. Para-H_2CO   Emission From M 82. Proper Motions in the Andromeda Subgroup. The virial theorem and the dynamics of clusters of galaxies in the brane   world models. Particle acceleration in relativistic subluminal shock environments. The Properties and Gaseous Environments of Powerful Classical Double   Radio Galaxies. Evolution of a Powerful Radio Loud Quasar 3C186 and its Impact on the   Cluster Environment at z=1. The Case of the 300 kpc Long X-ray Jet in PKS 1127-145 at z=1.18. Deep u*- and g-band Imaging of the Spitzer Space Telescope First Look   Survey Field : Observations and Source Catalogs. Massive Lyman Break Galaxies at z~3 in the Spitzer Extragalactic First   Look Survey. The SCUBA HAlf Degree Extragalactic Survey (SHADES) -- V. Submillimetre   properties of near-infrared--selected galaxies in the Subaru/XMM--Newton deep   field. The transverse proximity effect in spectral hardness on the line of   sight towards HE 2347-4342. Chemical Abundances and Kinematics in Globular Clusters and Local Group   Dwarf Galaxies and Their Implications for Formation Theories of the Galactic   Halo. Extragalactic Radio Sources and the WMAP Cold Spot. On the status of the dip in UHECR spectrum. X-Ray Nuclei in Radio Galaxies: Exploring the Roles of Hot and Cold Gas   Accretion. Progress Toward a VLBA Movie of the Jet Collimation Region in M87. On the remote Galactic globular cluster NGC 2419. Surprising Evolution of Faraday Rotation Gradients in the Jet of   1803+784. Searching For Helical Magnetic Fields in Active Galactic Nuclei. The Far-Infrared Properties of Spatially Resolved AKARI Observations. Magnetic Field Structure in the Parsec Scale Jet of 3C273 from   Multifrequency VLBA Observations. Magnetic Field Structures of BL Lac Objects on Decaparsec Scales. HiRes Estimates and Limits for Neutrino Fluxes at the Highest Energies. Spectroscopy of two PN candidates in IC10. Cosmological WIMPs, Higgs Dark Matter and GLAST. Bent-Double Radio Sources as Probes of the Intragroup Medium. Interaction of Jets with the ISM of Radio Galaxies. On the abundance discrepancy problem in HII regions. Jet Properties and Evolution in Small and Intermediate Scale Objects. Inverse Compton scattering on solar photons, heliospheric modulation,   and neutrino astrophysics. Effects of Jet Opening Angle and Velocity Structure on Blazar Parameters. The CO Tully-Fisher Relation and Implications for the Host Galaxies of   High-Redshift Quasars. The ALFALFA Search for (Almost) Dark Galaxies across the HI Mass   Function. The Continuing Saga of the Explosive Event(s) in the M87 Jet: Is M87 a   Blazar?. A comprehensive study of Cepheid variables in the Andromeda galaxy.   Period distribution, blending and distance determination. Kelvin-Helmholtz modes revealed by the transversal structure of the jet   in 0836+710. The hard synchrotron X-ray spectrum of the TeV BL Lac 1ES 1426+428. An X-ray view of Pictor A radio lobes: a spatially resolved study. Radio Loudness of AGNs: Host Galaxy Morphology and the Spin Paradigm. AGN counts at 15um. XMM observations of the ELAIS-S1-5 sample. Stellar population synthesis of post-AGB stars: the s-process in   MACHO47.2496.8. Gamma Ray and Neutrino Emission as a Probe of Relativistic Jets. Signatures of the extragalactic cosmic-ray source composition from   spectrum and shower depth measurements. Cosmic Ray production of Beryllium and Boron at high redshift. Inverse-Compton emission from the lobes of 3C353. On the ultra high energy cosmic rays and the origin of the cosmic   microwave background radiation. Hotspots, Jets and Environments. Jet/environment interactions in low-power radio galaxies. Parsec-Scale Jet-Environment Interactions in AGN. Numerical Modeling of AGN Jets: Formation of Magnetically Dominated   Lobes and Stability Properties of Current-carrying Jets. An X-ray jet in the BL Lac S5 2007+777. An Unbiased Survey of 500 Nearby Stars for Debris Disks: A JCMT Legacy   Program. Warm molecular hydrogen in the Spitzer SINGS galaxy sample. Resolving Extragalactic Star Clusters with HST/ACS. AGN Observations in the GeV/TeV Energy Range with the MAGIC Telescope. A First Synoptic Blazar Study Comprising Thirteen Blazars Visible in   E>100 GeV Gamma-Rays. New limits on the density of the extragalactic background light in the   optical to the far-infrared from the spectra of all known TeV blazars. The Sigma-D Relation for Planetary Nebulae: Preliminary Analysis. Constraints on secondary 10-100 EeV gamma ray flux in the minimal   bottom-up model of Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays. Propagation of Ultra-high-energy Protons in Cosmic Magnetic Fields. Comparative study of the inial spikes of SGR giant flares in 1998 and   2004 observed with GEOTAIL: Do magnetospheric instabilities trigger large   scale fracturing of magnetar's crust?. Morphological Dependence of MIR Properties of SDSS Galaxies in the   Spitzer SWIRE Survey. Angular Signatures of Dark Matter in the Diffuse Gamma Ray Background. Detection of VHE gamma-ray emission from the distant blazar 1ES 1101-232   with H.E.S.S. and broadband characterisation. Diffuse HI Disks in Isolated Galaxies. GZK Photons Above 10 EeV. COSMOSOMAS Observations of the CMB and Galactic Foregrounds at 11 GHz:   Evidence for anomalous microwave emission at high Galactic Latitude. Young massive star clusters in the era of the Hubble Space Telescope. Studies of clustering in the arrival directions of cosmic rays detected   at the Pierre Auger Observatory above 10 EeV. Enrichment of the ISM by metal-rich droplets and the abundance bias in   HII regions. Some estimates of the source counts at Planck Surveyor frequencies,   using the 9C survey at 15 GHz. Revised Primordial Helium Abundance Based on New Atomic Data. A Monte Carlo Study of the Irreducible Background in the EGRET   Instrument. The discovery of a massive supercluster at z=0.9 in the UKIDSS DXS. The Age, Metallicity and Alpha-Element Abundance of Galactic Globular   Clusters from Single Stellar Population Models. The SCUBA HAlf Degree Extragalactic Survey (SHADES) - IV: Radio-mm-FIR   photometric redshifts. Submillimeter and Millimeter Masers. The SCUBA HAlf Degree Extragalactic Survey (SHADES) - III.   Identification of radio and mid-infrared counterparts to submillimetre   galaxies. Current status of the CATS database. A sharper view of the outer Galaxy at 1420 and 408 MHz from the Canadian   Galactic Plane Survey - I. Revisiting the KR catalogue and new Gigahertz   Peaked Spectrum Sources. Polarization shadows of extragalactic sources by the local magneto-ionic   ISM. Radio Polarimetry of the ELAIS N1 Field: Polarized Compact Sources. SDSS J121811.0+465501.2: a new Low Surface Brightness Galaxy with low   metallicity. Modifying gravity with the Aether: an alternative to Dark Matter. Revised dynamics or dark matter in galactic and extra galactic scales?. Galaxy Formation With Dark Matter and Dark Energy. Dynamics of dense star-gas systems: BHs and their precursors. New constraints on H_0 and Omega_M from SZE/X-RAY data and Baryon   Acoustic Oscillations. The bending of light and lensing in modified gravity. Helium abundance in galaxy clusters and Sunyaev-Zeldovich effect. White Dwarfs in Globular Clusters. Dark matter halo concentrations in the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy   Probe year 5 cosmology. Grand Unification II: Hot Accretion and AGN Jets. Understanding the WMAP Cold Spot mystery. Complexes of stars and complexes of star clusters. The binary fraction of the young cluster NGC 1818 in the Large   Magellanic Cloud. The Spine of the Cosmic Web. Overdensity of i'-Dropout Galaxies in the Subaru Deep Field: A Candidate   Protocluster at z ~ 6. The Coyote Universe I: Precision Determination of the Nonlinear Matter   Power Spectrum. The Dependence of the Occupation of Galaxies on the Halo Formation Time. Superluminal problem in diffusion of relativistic particles and its   phenomenological solution. Periodic Variables in the Open Cluster NGC 2301. The Afterglows of Swift-era Gamma-Ray Bursts. I. Comparing pre-Swift and   Swift era Long/Soft (Type II) GRB Optical Afterglows. Non-thermal intracluster medium: a simultaneous interpretation of the   central soft X-ray excess and WMAP's detection of reduced Sunyaev-Zel'dovich   Effect. Near-infrared bulge-disc correlations of lenticular galaxies. Discovering Ultra High Energy Neutrinos by Horizontal and Upward tau   Air-Showers: Evidences in Terrestrial Gamma Flashes?. On the radiative efficiencies, Eddington ratios, and duty cycles of   luminous high-redshift quasars. Statistical properties of SZ and X-ray cluster detections. Simulations and Analytic Calculations of Bubble Growth During Hydrogen   Reionization. Atmospheric Consequences of Cosmic Ray Variability in the Extragalactic   Shock Model II: Revised ionization levels and their consequences. Nearby Spiral Galaxy Globular Cluster Systems II: Globular Cluster   Abundances in NGC 300. Light Propagation and Large-Scale Inhomogeneities. Upper Limits on the Masses of 105 Supermassive Black Holes from Hubble   Space Telescope/Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph Archival Data. Dynamical evolution of rotating dense stellar systems with embedded   black holes. Infall Regions and Scaling Relations of X-ray Selected Groups. Testing for Features in the Primordial Power Spectrum. New Primordial-Magnetic-Field Limit from The Latest LIGO S5 data. Detection of IMBHs from microlensing in globular clusters. Statistical properties of the Burgers equation with Brownian initial   velocity. Proper motion L and T dwarf candidate members of the Pleiades. Improved optical mass tracer for galaxy clusters calibrated using weak   lensing measurements. Exploring the Star Formation History of Elliptical Galaxies: Beyond   Simple Stellar Populations with a New Estimator of Line Strengths. Fine structure of the chromospheric activity in Solar-type stars - The   Halpha Line. The formation of the first galaxies and the transition to low-mass star   formation. Discovery of Large-Scale Gravitational Infall in a Massive Protostellar   Cluster. JKCS041: a colour-detected galaxy cluster at z_phot=1.9 with deep   potential well as confirmed by X-ray data. Halo Occupation Distribution Modeling of Clustering of Luminous Red   Galaxies. Dark Matter Gravitational Clustering With a Long-Range Scalar   Interaction. Does dark matter consist of baryons of new stable family quarks?. The stellar content of the Hamburg/ESO survey. V. The metallicity   distribution function of the Galactic halo. The mass function of young star clusters in spiral galaxies. Three-Dimensional Simulations of Tidally Disrupted Solar-Type Stars and   the Observational Signatures of Shock Breakout. Combining Semi-analytic Models with Simulations of Galaxy Clusters: the   Need for Heating from Active Galactic Nuclei. Hydrodynamics of structure formation in the early Universe. Constraints on modified gravity from the observed X-ray luminosity   function of galaxy clusters. Constraints on large scale inhomogeneities from WMAP-5 and SDSS:   confrontation with recent observations. The DEEP2 Galaxy Redshift Survey: Environments of Poststarburst Galaxies   at z~0.1 and z~0.8. Near-IR Search for Lensed Supernovae Behind Galaxy Clusters - II. First   Detection and Future Prospects. A step towards testing general relativity using weak gravitational   lensing and redshift surveys. GUT-Scale Primordial Black Holes: Consequences and Constraints. Constraints on dark energy from baryon acoustic peak and galaxy cluster   gas mass measurements. Evolution of scalar perturbations in cosmology with quintessential dark   energy. Exploring the magnetized cosmic web through low frequency radio emission. Halo mass function and scale-dependent bias from N-body simulations with   non-Gaussian initial conditions. Galaxy clusters discovered with a Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect survey. Chandra measurements of non-thermal-like X-ray emission from massive,   merging, radio-halo clusters. Clustering of Luminous Red Galaxies IV: Baryon Acoustic Peak in the   Line-of-Sight Direction and a Direct Measurement of H(z). Lyman alpha Radiative Transfer in Cosmological Simulations using   Adaptive Mesh Refinement. Reopening the window on charged dark matter. Dynamical Study of A1689 from Wide-Field VLT/VIMOS Spectroscopy: Mass   Profile, Concentration Parameter, and Velocity Anisotropy. The Detailed Evolution of E+A Galaxies into Early Types. Rings of Dark Matter in Collisions Between Clusters of Galaxies. A Line-Of-Sight Galaxy Cluster Collision: Simulated X-Ray Observations. Dark Matter Structures In The Deep Lens Survey. Galaxy Zoo: Disentangling the Environmental Dependence of Morphology and   Colour. The cosmology dependence of weak lensing cluster counts. Quark-Novae, cosmic reionization, and early r-process element production. Suppressed radio emission in supercluster galaxies: enhanced ram   pressure in merging clusters?. Spitzer Observations of the HII Region NGC 2467: An Analysis of   Triggered Star Formation. A global autocorrelation study after the first Auger data: impact on the   number density of UHECR sources. Tidal Effects and the Environment Dependence of Halo Assembly. Birkhoff's theorem fails to save MOND from non-local physics. The Ks-band Tully-Fisher Relation - A Determination of the Hubble   Parameter from 218 ScI Galaxies and 16 Galaxy Clusters. A Survey of Star Clusters in the M31 South-West Field. UBVRI Photometry   and Multi-Band Maps. Covariance of cross-correlations: towards efficient measures for   large-scale structure. Diffusive shock acceleration in radiation dominated environments. Sunyaev-Zel'dovich Effect Observations of the Bullet Cluster (1E   0657-56) with APEX-SZ. A New Window of Exploration in the Mass Spectrum: Strong Lensing by   Galaxy Groups in the SL2S. Spitzer Observations of NGC 1333: A Study of Structure and Evolution in   a Nearby Embedded Cluster. Do non-relativistic neutrinos constitute the dark matter?. Modeling the cosmological co-evolution of supermassive black holes and   galaxies: II. The clustering of quasars and their dark environment. Cosmography with cluster strong lensing. Radiation-magnetohydrodynamic simulations of the photoionisation of   magnetised globules. MASSCLEAN - MASSive CLuster Evolution and ANalysis Package - Description   and Tests. The Adaptive TreePM: An Adaptive Resolution Code for Cosmological N-body   Simulations. Migration of Star Clusters and Nuclear Rings. Gamma Rays from Clusters and Groups of Galaxies: Cosmic Rays versus Dark   Matter. Clustering of Luminous Red Galaxies III: Detection of the Baryon   Acoustic Peak in the 3-point Correlation Function. CNONa and 12C/13C in giants of 10 open clusters. An MHD Gadget for cosmological simulations. Suzaku measurement of Abell 2204's intracluster gas temperature profile   out to 1800 kpc. Reversal of the amplitude difference of kHz QPOs in six atoll sources. Tidal evolution of disky dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way potential: the   formation of dwarf spheroidals. Substructures in hydrodynamical cluster simulations. Astrophysical gyrokinetics: kinetic and fluid turbulent cascades in   magnetized weakly collisional plasmas. Interactions of Galaxies in the Galaxy Cluster Environment. The Importance of Radiative Feedback for the Stellar Initial Mass   Function. Ca II Triplet Spectroscopy of Small Magellanic Cloud Red Giants. I.   Abundances and Velocities for a Sample of Clusters. Hypercompact Stellar Systems Around Recoiling Supermassive Black Holes. Relativistic simulations of the phase-transition-induced collapse of   neutron stars. Probing Dark Energy at Galactic and Cluster Scales. Relative clustering and the joint halo occupation distribution of   red-sequence and blue-cloud galaxies in COMBO-17. Galaxy star formation in different environments. The first two transient supersoft X-ray sources in M 31 globular   clusters and the connection to classical novae. The Influence of Concentration and Dynamical State on Scatter in the   Galaxy Cluster Mass-Temperature Relation. The XMM Cluster Survey: Forecasting cosmological and cluster   scaling-relation parameter constraints. Combining weak and strong cluster lensing: Applications to simulations   and MS 2137. Quiescent Dense Gas in Protostellar Clusters: the Ophiuchus A Core. LISA as a dark energy probe. Statistical Properties of Gamma-Ray Burst Polarization. Observing the clustering properties of galaxy clusters in dynamical   dark-energy cosmologies. What is the closest black hole to the Sun?. Dark Matter Caustics in Galaxy Clusters. Mid-Infrared Extinction Mapping of Infrared Dark Clouds: Probing the   Initial Conditions for Massive Stars and Star Clusters. A New Method for measuring Weak Gravitational Lensing Shear using Higher   Order Spin-2 HOLICs. Searching for modified growth patterns with tomographic surveys. De-Trending Time Series for Astronomical Variability Surveys. Transitional solar dynamics, cosmic rays and global warming. The star ingesting luminosity of intermediate mass black holes in   globular clusters. The origin of the diffuse non-thermal X-ray and radio emission in the   Ophiuchus cluster of galaxies. The impact of TP-AGB stars on hierarchical galaxy formation models. Biases on the cosmological parameters and thermal SZ residuals. The Observations of Redshift Evolution in Large Scale Environments   (ORELSE) Survey : I. The Survey Design and First Results on Cl 0023+0423 at z   = 0.84 and RX J1821.6+6827 at z = 0.82. Spectral Energy Distribution of Radio Sources in Nearby Clusters of   Galaxies: Implications for Sunyaev-Zel'dovich Effect Surveys. Southern Cosmology Survey I: Optical Cluster Detections and Predictions   for the Southern Common-Area Millimeter-Wave Experiments. Star Clusters Around Recoiled Black Holes in the Milky Way Halo. Probing the Primordial Power Spectrum with Cluster Number Counts. Constraining white-dwarf kicks in globular clusters : III. Cluster   Heating. Spherical Collapse and Cluster Counts in Modified Gravity Models. A Detection of Dark Matter Halo Ellipticity using Galaxy Cluster Lensing   in SDSS. The Abell Cluster A586 and the Detection of the Equivalence Principle. The Age Distributions of Clusters and Field Stars in the Small   Magellanic Cloud -- Implications for Star Formation Histories. The Clustering and Host Halos of Galaxy Mergers at High Redshift. Features of holographic dark energy under the combined cosmological   constraints. An Energetic AGN Outburst Powered by a Rapidly Spinning Supermassive   Black Hole or an Accreting Ultramassive Black Hole. Mapping the Dark Side with DEIMOS: Globular Clusters, X-ray Gas, and   Dark Matter in the NGC 1407 Group. Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays from Black Hole Jets of Radio Galaxies. Evidence for Warped Disks of Young Stars in the Galactic Center. Topology of non-linear structure in the 2dF Galaxy Redshift Survey. Strange Quark stars: Observations & Speculations. Can a matter-dominated model with constant bulk viscosity drive the   accelerated expansion of the universe?. Quasar candidates selection in the Virtual Observatory era. Lensed CMB temperature and polarization maps from the Millennium   Simulation. The luminosity function, halo masses and stellar masses of luminous   Lyman-break galaxies at redshifts 5<z<6. The Ellipticities of Cluster Early-type Galaxies from z~1 to z~0: No   Evolution in the Overall Distribution of Bulge-to-Disk Ratios. Search for OB stars running away from young star clusters. I. NGC 6611. Spitzer 24 micron detections of starburst galaxies in Abell 851. Galaxy cluster X-ray luminosity scaling relations from a representative   local sample (REXCESS). Probing the truncation of galaxy dark matter halos in high density   environments from hydrodynamical N-body simulations. Detecting Mass Substructure in Galaxy Clusters: An Aperture Mass   Statistic for Gravitational Flexion. Stellar population analysis on local infrared-selected galaxies. Fundamental parameter-free solutions in Modified Gravity. Signature of the interaction between dark energy and dark matter in   galaxy clusters. Cosmological Perturbations in Models of Coupled Dark Energy. Clustering of luminous red galaxies II: small scale redshift space   distortions. Eight-Dimensional Mid-Infrared/Optical Bayesian Quasar Selection. Clarifying the covariant formalism for the SZ effect due to relativistic   non-thermal electrons. Detections of Lyman Continuum from Star-forming Galaxies at z~3 Through   Subaru/Suprime-Cam Narrow-band Imaging. Galaxies in a simulated  Λ CDM Universe I: cold mode and hot cores. Shock Waves in Eulerian Cosmological Simulations: Main Properties and   Acceleration of Cosmic Rays. Statistical mechanics of gravitating systems: An Overview. Discovery of four gravitational lensing systems by clusters in the SDSS   DR6. Strong lensing of submillimetre galaxies: A tracer of foreground   structure?. The Inhomogeneous Background of Hydrogen-Molecule Dissociating Radiation   during Cosmic Reionization. Matter density perturbations in modified gravity models with arbitrary   coupling between matter and geometry. Physical Properties of Four SZE-Selected Galaxy Clusters in the Southern   Cosmology Survey. A measurement of large-scale peculiar velocities of clusters of   galaxies: technical details. Effects of the size of cosmological N-Body simulations on physical   quantities - III: Skewness. Constraints on Neutrino Masses from Weak Lensing. The nucleus of NGC 253 and its massive stellar clusters at parsec scales. Evidence for recent star formation in BCGs: a correspondence between   blue cores and UV excess. Chandra Observations of the X-ray Point Source Population in NGC 4636. A Wide-Field Study of the z~0.8 Cluster RX J0152.7-1357: the Role of   Environment in the Formation of the Red-Sequence. Comment on the Black Hole Recoil Candidate Quasar SDSS   J092712.65+294344.0. AMiBA Observations, Data Analysis and Results for Sunyaev-Zel'dovich   Effects. AGN heating and ICM cooling in the HIFLUGCS sample of galaxy clusters. Statistics of gravitational potential perturbations: A novel approach to   deriving the X-ray temperature function. The Impact of Non-Gaussian Errors on Weak Lensing Surveys. On the Origin of Cores in Simulated Galaxy Clusters. Power spectrum and correlation function errors: Poisson vs. Gaussian   shot noise. Merging Cold Fronts in the Galaxy Pair NGC 7619 and NGC 7626. X-ray observations of the galaxy cluster PKS 0745-191: To the virial   radius, and beyond. z~7-10 Galaxies behind Lensing Clusters: Contrast with Field Search   Results. Observational Evidence for Cosmological-Scale Extra Dimensions. Cold streams in early massive hot haloes as the main mode of galaxy   formation. Trojan Stars in the Galactic Center. Application of a Self-Similar Pressure Profile to Sunyaev-Zel'dovich   Effect Data from Galaxy Clusters. Horizontal Branch Stars: The Interplay between Observations and Theory,   and Insights into the Formation of the Galaxy. Observational Constraints with Recent Data on the DGP Modified Gravity. The death of massive stars - I. Observational constraints on the   progenitors of type II-P supernovae. The outer regions of galaxy clusters: Chandra constraints on the X-ray   surface brightness. Impact of early dark energy on the Planck SZ cluster sample. The Galaxy Cross-Correlation Function as a Probe of the Spatial   Distribution of Galactic Satellites. Galactic and Extragalactic Magnetic Fields. Overdensities of galaxies at z ~ 3.7 in CDF-S. The large-scale shock in the cluster of galaxies Hydra A. Toward First-Principle Simulations of Galaxy Formation: II.   Shock-Induced Starburst at a Collision Interface During the First Encounter   of Interacting Galaxies. Evolution of Nuclear Star Clusters. Weak lensing ellipticities in a strong lensing regime. Diversity of supernovae Ia determined using equivalent widths of Si II   4000. The Yuan-Tseh Lee Array for Microwave Background Anisotropy. Mass and Hot Baryons in Massive Galaxy Clusters from Subaru Weak Lensing   and AMiBA SZE Observations. Stellar Ages from Stellar Rotation. Near-IR spectroscopic ages of massive star clusters in M82. Signature of Primordial Non-Gaussianity on Matter Power Spectrum. Explaining the Orbits of the Galactic Center S-Stars. The ACS Survey of Galactic Globular Clusters. VII. Relative Ages. A Measurement of The Faint Source Correlation Function in the GOODS and   UDF Survey. Abell 851 and the Role of Starbursts in Cluster Galaxy Evolution. Neutron specific heat in the crust of neutron stars from the nuclear   band theory. Dynamics of Planetary Systems in Star Clusters. The abundance of lensing protoclusters. Recovering the real-space correlation function from photometric redshift   surveys. Deep MMT Transit Survey of the Open Cluster M37 IV: Limit on the   Fraction of Stars With Planets as Small as 0.3 R_J. INTEGRAL Observations of the Perseus cluster. Double mode RR Lyrae stars in Omega Centauri. Central mass and luminosity of Milky Way satellites in the LCDM model. Six Puzzles for LCDM Cosmology. Review of Observational Evidence for Dark Matter in the Universe and in   upcoming searches for Dark Stars. Analytic solutions to the accretion of a rotating finite cloud towards a   central object I. Newtonian approach. A census of molecular hydrogen outflows and their sources along the   Orion A molecular ridge: characteristics and overall distribution. Connecting Reionization to the Local Universe. Obscured star formation in intermediate-density environments: A Spitzer   study of the Abell 901/902 supercluster. Shape parameters of Galactic open clusters. UHECR observations and lensing in the magnetic field of the Virgo   cluster. Two bright submillimeter galaxies in a z=4.05 proto-cluster in   GOODS-North, and accurate radio-infrared photometric redshifts. Gauss's method for secular dynamics, softened. New CO detections of lensed submillimeter galaxies in A2218: Probing   molecular gas in the LIRG regime at high redshift. Evolution of dwarf early-type galaxies I. Spatially resolved stellar   populations and internal kinematics of Virgo cluster dE/dS0 galaxies. Constraints on accelerating universe using ESSENCE and Gold supernovae   data combined with other cosmological probes. One Dimensional Dynamical Models of the Carina Nebula Bubble. Dwarf Galaxy Clustering and Missing Satellites. The Clustering Behavior of Pre-Main Sequence Stars in NGC 346 in the   Small Magellanic Cloud. The Northern Sky Optical Cluster Survey III: A Cluster Catalog Covering   Pi Steradians. Environmental Effects in Clusters: Modified Far-Infrared--Radio   Relations within Virgo Cluster Galaxies. A Characteristic Division Between the Fueling of Quasars and Seyferts:   Five Simple Tests. The ages of Galactic globular clusters in the context of self-enrichment. Dynamical mixing of two stellar populations in globular clusters. Chandra Cluster Cosmology Project III: Cosmological Parameter   Constraints. Chandra Cluster Cosmology Project II: Samples and X-ray Data Reduction. Discovery of a rapidly pulsating subdwarf B star candidate in omega Cen. Reconstruction of Gas Temperature and Density Profiles of the Galaxy   Cluster RX J1347.5-1145. Quasar Clustering from SDSS DR5: Dependences on Physical Properties. Detecting Magnetic Fields in Large-Scale Structure with Radio   Polarization. The anisotropic redshift space galaxy correlation function: detection on   the BAO Ring. Magnetic fields, winds and X-rays of massive stars in the Orion Nebula   Cluster. Identifying nearby field T dwarfs in the UKIDSS Galactic Clusters Survey. Star-forming cores embedded in a massive cold clump: Fragmentation,   collapse and energetic outflows. A HST/WFPC2 survey of bright young clusters in M31. I. VdB0, a massive   star cluster seen at ~= 25 Myr. Formation of the first nuclear clusters and massive black holes at high   redshift. Analytic models of plausible gravitational lens potentials. The clustering of the first galaxy halos. WINGS-SPE Spectroscopy in the WIde-field Nearby Galaxy-cluster Survey. The Local Dimension: a method to quantify the Cosmic Web. Primordial Magnetic Fields in Cosmology. UBVI CCD Photometry of the Old Open Cluster NGC 1193. Photometric properties of resolved and unresolved magnetic elements. The JCMT Nearby Galaxies Legacy Survey I. Star Forming Molecular Gas in   Virgo Cluster Spiral Galaxies. An analysis of electron distributions in galaxy clusters by means of the   flux ratio of iron lines FeXXV and XXVI. Very high energy gamma-ray observations of the galaxy clusters Abell 496   and Abell 85 with H.E.S.S. The Young, Massive, Star Cluster Sandage-96 After the Explosion of SN   2004dj in NGC 2403. Primordial non-Gaussianity: large-scale structure signature in the   perturbative bias model. The spatial distribution of star and cluster formation in M51. Probing the last scattering surface through the recent and future CMB   observations. Hard X-ray Properties of the Merging Cluster Abell 3667 as Observed with   Suzaku. Star Formation in the Orion Nebula I: Stellar Content. Clustering properties of a sterile neutrino dark matter candidate. Age-Related Observations of Low Mass Pre-Main and Young Main Sequence   Stars (Invited Review). Searching for Transient Pulses with the ETA Radio Telescope. X-ray Spectral Identification of Three Candidate Quiescent Low-Mass   X-ray Binaries in the Globular Cluster NGC 6304. LCDM predictions for galaxy protoclusters I: the relation between   galaxies, protoclusters and quasars at z~6. Linear theory and velocity correlations of clusters. No evidence for mass segregation in massive young clusters. SDSSJ092712.65+294344.0: NGC 1275 at z=0.7?. Toward mode selection in Delta Scuti stars: Regularities in observed and   theoretical frequency spectra. The evolution of the Galactic metallicity gradient from high-resolution   spectroscopy of open clusters. Correlation between the spatial distribution of circumstellar disks and   massive stars in the young open cluster NGC 6611. II: Cluster members   selected with Spitzer/IRAC. Light Deflection, Lensing, and Time Delays from Gravitational Potentials   and Fermat's Principle in the Presence of a Cosmological Constant. AzTEC Millimetre Survey of the COSMOS Field - II. Source Count   Overdensity and Correlations with Large-Scale Structure. Section on Extragalactic Science Topics of the White Paper on the Status   and Future of Ground-Based TeV Gamma-Ray Astronomy. GEMINI near-infrared spectroscopic observations of young massive stars   embedded in molecular clouds. A New Look at Massive Clusters: weak lensing constraints on the triaxial   dark matter halos of Abell 1689, Abell 1835, & Abell 2204. On the origin of double main-sequence turn-offs in star clusters of the   Magellanic Clouds. Three-Point Correlations in f(R) Models of Gravity. Cross-Calibration of Cluster Mass-Observables. The spatial clustering of X-ray selected AGN in the XMM-COSMOS field. Powerful H _2  Emission and Star Formation on the Interacting Galaxy   System Arp 143: Observations with Spitzer and GALEX. The IR Luminosity Functions of Rich Clusters. The Calibration of Stromgren uvby-Hbeta Photometry for Late-Type Stars   -- a Model Atmosphere Approach. Young L Dwarfs Identified in the Field: A Preliminary Low-Gravity,   Optical Spectral Sequence from L0 to L5. The Impact of Simulations in Cosmology and Galaxy Formation A summary of   the Workshop NOVICOSMO 2008. Giants in the globular cluster omega Centauri: dust production, mass   loss and distance. The WFC3 Galactic Bulge Treasury Program: A First Look at Resolved   Stellar Population Tools. The UKIDSS-2MASS Proper Motion Survey I: Ultracool dwarfs from UKIDSS   DR4. The open cluster Pismis 11 and the very luminous blue supergiant HD   80077. Overview of the Orion Complex. An Alternative Origin for Hypervelocity Stars. Gemini/GMOS search of massive binaries in the ionizing cluster of 30 Dor. Reconstructing the cosmic density field with the distribution of dark   matter halos. Semi-analytical formulas for the Hertzsprung-Russell Diagram. On the nature of faint Low Surface Brightness galaxies in the Coma   cluster. Morphological Composition of z~0.4 groups: The site of S0 formation. Stellar Rotation in M35: Mass-Period Relations, Spin-Down Rates, and   Gyrochronology. Quantifying galactic clustering and departures from randomness of the   inter-galactic void probability function using information geometry. Early evolution of newly born magnetars with a strong toroidal field. Component separation methods for the Planck mission. Gamma-ray burst afterglows : luminosity clustering at infrared   wavelengths?. A New Diagnostic Method for Assessment of Stellar Stratification in Star   Clusters. Four New Stellar Debris Streams in the Galactic Halo. The influence of multiple stars on the high-mass stellar initial mass   function and age-dating of young massive star clusters. The optical/X-ray connection: ICM iron content and galaxy optical   luminosity in 20 galaxy clusters. STAGES: the Space Telescope A901/2 Galaxy Evolution Survey. The STAGES view of red spirals and dusty red galaxies: Mass-dependent   quenching of star-formation in cluster infall. The evolution of two stellar populations in globular clusters I. The   dynamical mixing timescale. Chandra studies of the X-ray gas properties of galaxy groups. Properties of second generation stars in Globular Clusters. Galaxy systems in the optical and infrared. Carbon and Nitrogen Abundances in Early-type Galaxies. An ecological approach to problems of Dark Energy, Dark Matter, MOND and   Neutrinos. Extended Lyman Alpha Nebulae at z ~ 2.3: An Extremely Rare and Strongly   Clustered Population?. Near-Infrared Imaging Polarimetry of S106 Cluster-Forming Region with   SIRPOL. Multifrequency study of the ring nebula SG13. The Sizes of Early-type Galaxies. Age spreads in star forming regions?. The Effects of Halo Assembly Bias on Self-Calibration in Galaxy Cluster   Surveys. Angular momentum and clustering properties of early dark matter halos. Photometric redshifts for the CFHTLS-Wide. Hubble Space Telescope Survey of the Perseus Cluster: II. Photometric   scaling relations in different environments. Hubble Space Telescope survey of the Perseus Cluster - I: The structure   and dark matter content of cluster dwarf spheroidals. Reconciling MOND and dark matter?. Detecting the effect of Globular Cluster impacts on the disk of the   Milky Way. Clustering of Meter-wave Luminous Objects toward Monoceros. Substructure in the cold front cluster Abell 3667. Cluster formation in compact stars: relativistic versus Skyrme models. Blue Stragglers After the Main Sequence. The Unorthodox Orbits of Substructure Halos. Extremely Compact Massive Galaxies at 1.7<z<3. Metallicities and Radial Velocities of Five Open Clusters Including a   New Candidate Member of the Monoceros Stream. Planets in Stellar Clusters Extensive Search. V. Search for planets and   identification of 18 new variable stars in the old open cluster NGC 188. Resolving the discrepancy between lensing and X-ray mass estimates of   the complex galaxy cluster Abell 1689. Exploring the consequences of pairing algorithms for binary stars. Chi-square and Poissonian Data: Biases Even in the High-Count Regime and   How to Avoid them. The Dust-to-Gas Ratio in the Small Magellanic Cloud Tail. Galaxy evolution in Abell 85: I. Cluster substructure and environmental   effects on the blue galaxy population. Missing baryons in shells around galaxy clusters. Tidal disruption and ignition of white dwarfs by moderately massive   black holes. A spectroscopic study of the blue stragglers in M67. AURA - A radio frequency extension to IceCube. Activity and rotation of low mass stars in young open clusters. Chemical enrichment in the cluster of galaxies Hydra A. Orion's Bar: Physical Conditions across the Definitive H+ / H0 / H2   Interface. Metallicities for 13 nearby open clusters from high-resolution   spectroscopy of dwarf and giant stars. Stellar metallicity, stellar mass, and   giant planets. A Null Test of the Metric Nature of the Cosmic Acceleration. LoCuSS: Comparison of Observed X-ray and Lensing Galaxy Cluster Scaling   Relations with Simulations. Luminosity Dependence of the Quasar Clustering from SDSS DR5. X-ray properties in massive galaxy clusters: XMM-Newton observations of   the REFLEX-DXL sample. The subhalo - satellite connection and the fate of disrupted satellite   galaxies. CARS: the CFHTLS-Archive-Research Survey; I. Five-band multi-colour data   from 37 sq. deg. CFHTLS-Wide observations. Effect of Helium Sedimentation on X-ray Measurements of Galaxy Clusters. Clustering of luminous red galaxies I: large scale redshift space   distortions. Reconstructing mass profiles of simulated galaxy clusters by combining   Sunyaev-Zeldovich and X-ray images. Kinematic Properties and Stellar Populations of Faint Early-Type   Galaxies: II. Line-Strength Measurements of Central Coma Galaxies. The clustering of Ly-alpha emitters in a LambdaCDM Universe. Tidally-induced thermonuclear Supernovae. Structures, oscillations and solitons in large-scale multi-component   self-gravitating systems. Nonlinear perturbation theory with halo bias and redshift-space   distortions via the Lagrangian picture. Digital Access to a Sky Century at Harvard. II: Initial Photometry and   Astrometry. Predictions of Quasar Clustering: Redshift, Luminosity and Selection   Dependence. Magnetic fields and the location of the PDR. Young Brown Dwarfs in the Core of the W3 Main Star-Forming Region. Spherical Collapse in Modified Newtonian Dynamics (MOND). Self-Organizing Maps. An application to the OGLE data and the Gaia   Science Alerts. Gravitational Lensing in the metric theory proposed by Sobouti. The Galactic Stellar Disc. The X-Ray Environment During the Epoch of Terrestrial Planet Formation:   Chandra Observations of h Persei. Tests of AMiBA Data Integrity. Gravitational collapse in an expanding background and the role of   substructure II: Excess power at small scales and its effect of collapse of   structures at larger scales. Probing The Lower Mass Limit for Supernova Progenitors and the High-Mass   End of the Initial-Final Mass Relation from White Dwarfs in the Open Cluster   M35 (NGC 2168). The Globular Cluster Systems in the Coma Ellipticals. IV: WFPC2   Photometry for Five Giant Ellipticals. Short Gamma-Ray Bursts and Gravitational Waves from Dynamically Formed   Merging Binaries. iVINE - Ionization in the parallel tree/SPH code VINE: First results on   the observed age-spread around O-stars. The Interaction Rate in Holographic Models of Dark Energy. The effect of stellar feedback on the formation and evolution of gas and   dust tori in AGN. Young Cool Stars Divided on the Issue of Rotation. Bayesian modelling of clusters of galaxies from multi-frequency pointed   Sunyaev--Zel'dovich observations. X-ray Microlensing in RXJ1131-1231 and HE1104-1805. The environments of starburst and post-starburst galaxies at z=0.4-0.8. Pseudo Rotation Curve connecting the Galaxy, Dark Halo, and Local Group. The Spitzer c2d Legacy Results: Star Formation Rates and Efficiencies;   Evolution and Lifetimes. Ground-based CCD astrometry with wide field imagers. III. WFI@2.2m   proper-motion catalog of the globular cluster omega Centauri. Gamma ray emission and stochastic particle acceleration in galaxy   clusters. X-ray clusters of galaxies in conformal gravity. Galaxy Clusters at 0.9<z<1.7 in the AKARI NEP deep field. Binary and Millisecond Pulsars. Giant cavities, cooling and metallicity substructure in Abell 2204. The survival of dark matter halos in the cluster Cl0024+16. Towards Relativistic Atomic Physics. II. Collective and Relative   Relativistic Variables for a System of Charged Particles plus the   Electro-Magnetic Field. Planet formation in the habitable zone of alpha Centauri B. The total mass of the early-type galaxy NGC 4649 (M60). MOND vs. Newtonian dynamics in early-type galaxies. The case of NGC 4649   (M60). Absorption line indices in the UV. Empirical and theoretical stellar   population models. The High Angular Resolution Multiplicity of Massive Stars. AGN population in the deepest hard X-ray extragalactic survey. Color Bimodality in M87 Globular Clusters. Gaseous drag on a gravitational perturber in Modified Newtonian Dynamics   and the structure of the wake. Issues in joint SZ and optical cluster finding. A discontinuity in the low-mass IMF - the case of high multiplicity. WFCAM Survey of M31 Globular Clusters: Low Mass X-ray Binaries. Diffuse cluster-like radio emission in poor environments. Massive star formation in Wolf-Rayet galaxies: I. Optical and NIR   photometric results. Stellar, Brown Dwarf, and Multiple Star Properties from Hydrodynamical   Simulations of Star Cluster Formation. Stellar Velocities in the Carina, Fornax, Sculptor and Sextans dSph   Galaxies: Data from the Magellan/MMFS Survey. Evolution of stellar structure in the Small Magellanic Cloud. A multiphysics and multiscale software environment for modeling   astrophysical systems. Supernova Explosions and the Triggering of Galactic Fountains and   Outflows. Simulations of AGN feedback in galaxy clusters and groups: impact on gas   fractions and the Lx-T scaling relation. Regularities in the frequency spacings of Delta Scuti stars and the s-f   Diagram. Suzaku observations of metallicity distribution in the intracluster   medium of the NGC 5044 group. Science with UT's Dichroic-Mirror Camera (DMC), 15-band simultaneous   imager. A spectroscopic survey of dwarf galaxies in the Coma Cluster: Stellar   populations, environment and downsizing. Bulge-Disk Decompositions and Structural Bimodality of Ursa Major   Cluster Spiral Galaxies. Dust-enshrouded star formation in XMM-LSS galaxy clusters. Bulge and Clump Evolution in Hubble Ultra Deep Field Clump Clusters,   Chains and Spiral Galaxies. Multiwavelength study of the bright X-ray source population in the   interacting galaxies NGC5774/NGC5775. Collisional heating as the origin of filament emission in galaxy   clusters. The stellar association around Gamma Velorum and its relationship with   Vela OB2. Static Pressure of Hot Gas: Its Effect on the Gas Disks of Galaxies. A deep look into the cores of young clusters I. sigma-Orionis. Cosmic Rays Above the Second Knee from Clusters of Galaxies and   Associated High-Energy Neutrino Emission. The Monitor project: Rotation periods of low-mass stars in M50. Mid-infrared VISIR and Spitzer observations of the surroundings of the   magnetar SGR 1806-20. What is the largest Einstein radius in the universe?. The dependence of HII region properties on global and local surface   brightness within galaxy discs. Multiwavelength Signatures of Magnetic Activity from Young Stellar   Objects in the LkH\alpha101 Cluster. Stellar abundances and ages for metal-rich Milky Way globular clusters -   Stellar parameters and elemental abundances for 9 HB stars in NGC6352. The evolution of massive and very massive stars in clusters. Head-Tail Galaxies: Beacons of High-Density Regions in Clusters. Abell 1201: The anatomy of a cold front cluster from combined optical   and X-ray data. Globular Cluster Populations in Four Early-Type Poststarburst Galaxies. Periodicities in the high-mass X-ray binary system RX J0146.9+6121/LS   I+61 235. Report of IAU Commission 30 on Radial Velocities (2006-2009). Cosmological equivalence principle and the weak-field limit. Halo masses for optically-selected and for radio-loud AGN from   clustering and galaxy-galaxy lensing. How the Scalar Field of Unified Dark Matter Models Can Cluster. Expansion schemes for gravitational clustering: computing two-point and   three-point functions. The low-mass Initial Mass Function in the young cluster NGC 6611. RoboNet-II: Follow-up observations of microlensing events with a robotic   network of telescopes. Cluster Magnetic Fields from Galactic Outflows. On the Formation and Evolution of cD Galaxies. The luminosity function of galaxies to  M_{BgVriz} \sim -14  in  z \sim   0.3  clusters. A low-frequency radio halo associated with a cluster of galaxies. Semi-empirical white dwarf initial-final mass relationships: a thorough   analysis of systematic uncertainties due to stellar evolution models. Photometric investigation of bright type II-P Supernova 2004dj. Constraining the Proper Motions of Two Magnetars. Evolution of Substructure in Galaxy Clusters as Observed in X-Rays. Discovery of New Dwarf Galaxies in the M81 Group. The Evolution of Late-Time Optical Emission From SN 1979C. The influence of star clusters on galactic disks: new insights on   star-formation in galaxies. Polarization Patterns in Pulsar Radio Emission. Baryon acoustic signature in the clustering of density maxima. Correlation Lengths of Red and Blue Galaxies: A New Cosmic Ruler. A QSO plus host system lensed into a 6" Einstein ring by a low redshift   galaxy. Enhanced lensing rate by clustering of massive galaxies: newly   discovered systems in the SLACS fields. Measuring Distance Ratios with CMB-Galaxy Lensing Cross-correlations. Highlights of multi-wavelengths surveys in the Zone of Avoidance. Evidence for Blue Straggler Stars Rejuvenating the Integrated Spectra of   Globular Clusters. The Discovery of a Very Faint X-ray Transient in the Globular Cluster   M15. Fingers of God. Temperature and Metallicity in the Intra-cluster Medium of ABELL 262   observed with Suzaku. Chandra astrometry sets a tight upper limit to the proper motion of SGR   1900+14. Detection of quiescent galaxies in a bicolor sequence from z=0-2. Globular Cluster Systems in Nearby Dwarf Galaxies: I. HST/ACS   Observations and Dynamical Properties of Globular Clusters at Low   Environmental Density. Cosmography with Galaxy Clusters. Measurement of the dark matter velocity anisotropy profile in galaxy   clusters. Alas, the dark matter structures were not that trivial. Infrared Spectroscopy and Analysis of Brown Dwarf and Planetary Mass   Objects in the Orion Nebula Cluster. A Multiwavelength View of Star Formation in Interacting Galaxies in the   Pavo Group. The Arecibo Legacy Fast ALFA Survey VII: A Neutral Hydrogen Cloud   Complex in the Virgo Cluster. Kinematics of the old stellar population at the Galactic Center. On the central ionizing star of G23.96+0.15 and near-IR spectral   classification of O stars. Damping of the baryon acoustic oscillations in the matter power spectrum   as a probe of the growth factor. Evidence for Merger-Driven Activity in the Clustering of High Redshift   Quasars. Five-Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP) Observations:   Likelihoods and Parameters from the WMAP data. The evolution of a pre-heated Intergalactic Medium. The gravitational wave signal of the short rise fling of galactic run   away pulsars. An optimized H_βindex for disentangling stellar population ages. Central and Satellite Colors in Galaxy Groups: A Comparison of the Halo   Model and SDSS Group Catalogs. The Spatial Evolution of Stellar Structures in the LMC. The Correlation Function of Optically Selected Galaxy Clusters in the   Sloan Digital Sky Survey. Open cluster stability and the effects of binary stars. Compact groups in theory and practice - II. Comparing the observed and   predicted nature of galaxies in compact groups. Prospects for Studies of Stellar Evolution and Stellar Death in the JWST   Era. An MCMC Fitting Method for Triaxial Dark Matter Haloes. Dark Matter, Mass Scales Sequence, and Superstructure in the Universe   (with extension). Challenging the generalized second law. The Absence of the Fundamental Plane of Black Hole Activity. Line Shifts, Broad-Line Region Inflow, and the Feeding of AGNs. Galaxy Formation With Dark Matter and Dark Energy. Dynamics of dense star-gas systems: BHs and their precursors. Ultra-High Energy Cosmic Ray production in the polar cap regions of   black hole magnetospheres. Dark matter from "strong gravity" - consistent with CRESST, CoGeNT and   DAMA/LIBRA. Quasinormal behavior of massless scalar field perturbation in   Reissner-Nordstrom anti-de Sitter spacetimes. Origin of Intense Magnetic Fields Near Black Holes Due to Non-Minimal   Gravitational-Electromagnetic Coupling. Advanced localization of massive black hole coalescences with LISA. Gravitational wave background as a probe of the primordial black hole   abundance. Black Holes and Gravitational Properties of Antimatter. Core-Collapse Astrophysics with a Five-Megaton Neutrino Detector. Perfect fluid and scalar field in the Reissner-Nordstrom metric. Geometro-thermodynamics of tidal charged black holes. Lyman-alpha Emitters and Lyman-break Galaxies at z=3-6 in Cosmological   SPH Simulations. Gravitational self force on a particle in circular orbit around a   Schwarzschild black hole. Bounded excursion stable gravastars and black holes. The physics of the relativistic counter-streaming instability that   drives mass inflation inside black holes. Exponential Metric Fields. On the radiative efficiencies, Eddington ratios, and duty cycles of   luminous high-redshift quasars. Precise Measurement of the Spin Parameter of the Stellar-Mass Black Hole   M33 X-7. The LISA Gravitational Wave Foreground: A Study of Double White Dwarfs. Black Holes in Einstein-Aether Theory. Physical conditions in potential sources of ultra-high-energy cosmic   rays: Updated Hillas plot and radiation-loss constraints. A Semi-relativistic Model for Tidal Interactions in BH-NS Coalescing   Binaries. Hadrons As Kerr-Newman Black Holes. Searching for Cost Optimized Interstellar Beacons. Kerr Geodesics, the Penrose Process and Jet Collimation by a Black Hole. Upper Limits on the Masses of 105 Supermassive Black Holes from Hubble   Space Telescope/Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph Archival Data. Dynamical evolution of rotating dense stellar systems with embedded   black holes. New SETI Sky Surveys for Radio Pulses. Black Holes in Bulk Viscous Cosmology. Detection of IMBHs from microlensing in globular clusters. Neutron stars in Einstein-aether theory. Intensity Scintillation and Astronomical Quantum Observation. Recoil velocity at 2PN order for spinning black hole binaries. Primordial black holes and the observed Galactic 511 keV line. Dark matter annihilation in the gravitational field of a black hole. Schrodinger Picture of Quantum Gravitational Collapse. Constraints on the Size of Extra Dimensions from the Orbital Evolution   of the Black-Hole X-Ray Binary XTE J1118+480. Black Holes in Accelerated Universe. Three-Dimensional Simulations of Tidally Disrupted Solar-Type Stars and   the Observational Signatures of Shock Breakout. Combining Semi-analytic Models with Simulations of Galaxy Clusters: the   Need for Heating from Active Galactic Nuclei. Hydrodynamics of structure formation in the early Universe. Dark stars at the Galactic centre - the main sequence. Microquasars: summary and outlook. Primordial black hole formation in the radiative era: investigation of   the critical nature of the collapse. No observational constraints from hypothetical collisions of   hypothetical dark halo primordial black holes with galactic objects. Black holes as antimatter factories. Relativistic stars with a linear equation of state: analogy with   classical isothermal spheres and black holes. Influence of global cosmological expansion on local dynamics and   kinematics. GUT-Scale Primordial Black Holes: Consequences and Constraints. Corrections to Hawking-like Radiation for a Friedmann-Robertson-Walker   Universe. Evidence for an intermediate line region in AGN's inner torus region and   its evolution from narrow to broad line Seyfert I galaxies. Cosmological Inflation: Theory and Observations. Asymptotically FRW black holes. SDSSJ092712.65+294344.0: a candidate massive black hole binary. Implications of primordial black holes on the first stars and the origin   of the super--massive black holes. Galactic vs. Extragalactic Origin of the Peculiar Transient SCP 06F6. The growth of supermassive black holes in pseudo-bulges, classical   bulges and elliptical galaxies. Bouncing Braneworld with Born-Infeld and Gauss-Bonnet. Monte Carlo Markov Chain Parameter Estimation in Semi-Analytic Models of   Galaxy Formation. Modeling the cosmological co-evolution of supermassive black holes and   galaxies: II. The clustering of quasars and their dark environment. What is the entropy of the universe?. Inspiralling Supermassive Black Holes: A New Signpost for Galaxy Mergers. Optical phenomena in brany Kerr spacetimes. Reaction of Accretion Disks to Abrupt Mass Loss During Binary Black Hole   Merger. Correlation loss and multipartite entanglement across a black hole   horizon. Horizon Complementarity and Casimir Violations of the Null Energy   Condition. Excitation of Low-Frequency QPOs in Black Hole Accretion Flows. The spin-flip phenomenon in supermassive black hole binary mergers. Constraints on amplitudes of curvature perturbations from primordial   black holes. A template bank for gravitational waveforms from coalescing binary black   holes: non-spinning binaries. Relativity Revisited. Verifying black hole orbits with gravitational spectroscopy. Algebraic Classification of Numerical Spacetimes and Black-Hole-Binary   Remnants. Hypercompact Stellar Systems Around Recoiling Supermassive Black Holes. Quasars Are Not Light-Bulbs: Testing Models of Quasar Lifetimes with the   Observed Eddington Ratio Distribution. Time Evolution of Entropy in Gravitational Collapse. The Assembly of Supermassive Black Holes at High Redshifts. Feast and Famine: Regulation of Black Hole Growth in Low Redshift   Galaxies. Dark Energy and Matter in 4 Dimensions From an Empty Kaluza-Klein   Spacetime. Scaling of Black Hole Accretion Discs from Gamma-Ray Bursts and Black   Hole X-Ray Binaries to Active Galactic Nuclei. Pairing of Supermassive Black Holes in unequal-mass galaxy mergers. LISA as a dark energy probe. Can we Detect Intermediate Mass Ratio Inspirals?. A New Secular Instability of Eccentric Stellar Disks Around Supermassive   Black Holes, with Application to the Galactic Center. What is the closest black hole to the Sun?. The star ingesting luminosity of intermediate mass black holes in   globular clusters. Gravitational Radiation Driven Supermassive Black Hole Binary Inspirals   as Periodically Variable Electromagnetic Sources. Runaway and hypervelocity stars in the Galactic halo: Binary   rejuvenation and triple disruption. Gravitational instanton and cosmological term. Spin Polarization Effects in Micro Black Hole Evaporation. The Accuracy of Supermassive Black Hole Masses Determined by the   Single-Epoch-Spectrum (Dibai) Method. Star Clusters Around Recoiled Black Holes in the Milky Way Halo. The 2003 Outburst of the X-ray Transient H 1743-322: Comparisons with   the Black Hole Microquasar XTE J1550-564. Gravitational waves from scattering of stellar-mass black holes in   galactic nuclei. Massive Black Hole Binary Inspirals: Results from the LISA Parameter   Estimation Taskforce. String dynamics and ejection along the axis of a spinning black hole. Gravitational waves from resolvable massive black hole binary systems   and observations with Pulsar Timing Arrays. Black hole quasinormal mode spectroscopy with LISA. Discontinuities in Scalar Perturbations of Topological Black Holes. An Energetic AGN Outburst Powered by a Rapidly Spinning Supermassive   Black Hole or an Accreting Ultramassive Black Hole. Carter's constant revealed. Modeling gravitational recoil from precessing highly-spinning   unequal-mass black-hole binaries. Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays from Black Hole Jets of Radio Galaxies. Evidence for Warped Disks of Young Stars in the Galactic Center. The Polish doughnuts revisited I. The angular momentum distribution and   equipressure surfaces. Huge entropy production inside black holes. Geodesic stability, Lyapunov exponents and quasinormal modes. The neutrino signal from protoneutron star accretion and black hole   formation. The Black Hole Binary Nova Scorpii 1994 (GRO J1655-40): An improved   chemical analysis. Can black holes be torn up by phantom dark energy in cyclic cosmology?. Big rip avoidance via black holes production. A New Dynamical Model for the Black Hole Binary LMC X-1. Gamma Ray Burst Production and Supernova Signatures in Slowly Rotating   Collapsars. Estimating the Parameters of Sgr A*'s Accretion Flow Via Millimeter VLBI. Imaging the Black Hole Silhouette of M87: Implications for Jet Formation   and Black Hole Spin. SDSS J092712.65+294344.0: Recoiling Black Hole or A Sub-parsec Binary   Candidate?. Time-dependent modeling of radiative processes in hot magnetized plasmas. A Simple Comptonization Model. Active Galactic Nuclei and Transformation of Dark Matter into Visible   Matter. A Magnetohydrodynamic Model for the Formation of Episodic Jets. Dissipation and Extra Light in Galactic Nuclei: III. 'Core' Ellipticals   and 'Missing' Light. Relativistic Simulations of Black Hole-Neutron Star Mergers: Effects of   black-hole spin. Mergers of luminous early-type galaxies in the local universe and   gravitational wave background. Influence of Rotation on the Amount of Phantom Matter around wormholes. Gravitational-wave memory revisited: memory from the merger and recoil   of binary black holes. The Role of Angular Momentum and Cosmic Censorship in the   (2+1)-Dimensional Rotating Shell Collapse. Type Ib Supernova 2008D associated with the Luminous X-ray Transient   080109: An Energetic Explosion of a Massive Helium Star. Reply to Flambaum Commentary [arXiv:0808.2518] on Black Hole Constraints   on Varying Fundamental Constants [arXiv:0706.2188, PRL 99, 061301 (2007)]. Apparent shape of super-spinning black holes. Post-starburst galaxies: more than just an interesting curiosity. Chandra Observations of the X-ray Point Source Population in NGC 4636. Comment on the Black Hole Recoil Candidate Quasar SDSS   J092712.65+294344.0. AGN heating and ICM cooling in the HIFLUGCS sample of galaxy clusters. Evidence For A Shell Origin In Galaxy Formation. On the Origin of Cores in Simulated Galaxy Clusters. Implementing Few-Body Algorithmic Regularization with Post-Newtonian   Terms. The behavior of subluminous X-ray transients near the Galactic center as   observed using the X-ray telescope aboard Swift. Radiation pressure force and black hole mass determination in low   redshift type-I and type-II active galactic nuclei. Accretion onto Seed Black Holes in the First Galaxies. Stability of Relativistic Jets from Rotating, Accreting Black Holes via   Fully Three-Dimensional Magnetohydrodynamic Simulations. Trojan Stars in the Galactic Center. Probability of primordial black hole formation and its dependence on the   radial profile of initial configurations. The death of massive stars - I. Observational constraints on the   progenitors of type II-P supernovae. Destruction of Molecular Gas Reservoirs in Early-Type Galaxies by Active   Galactic Nucleus Feedback. The connection between entropy and the absorption spectra of   Schwarzschild black holes for light and massless scalar fields. Transverse Wave Propagation in Relativistic Two-fluid Plasmas around   Schwarzschild-de Sitter Black Hole. Chandra X-ray spectroscopy of the focused wind in the Cygnus X-1 system.   I. The non-dip spectrum in the low/hard state. Gravitationally distorted P-Cygni profiles from outflows near compact   objects. Evolution of Nuclear Star Clusters. LISA parameter estimation using numerical merger waveforms. Comparison of Numerical and Post-Newtonian Waveforms for Generic   Precessing Black-Hole Binaries. A new approach for probing circumbinary disks. Quantum Black Holes As Elementary Particles. Orbital resonances in discs around braneworld Kerr black holes. High Longevity Microlensing Events and Dark Matter Black Holes. Holography, UV/IR Relation, Causal Entropy Bound and Dark Energy. Effects of Minor Mergers on Coalescence of a Supermassive Black Hole   Binary. Explaining the Orbits of the Galactic Center S-Stars. Black Holes Admitting Strong Resonant Phenomena. Quasi-local variables in spherical symmetry: numerical applications to   dark matter and dark energy sources. Search for Primordial Black Holes with SGARFACE. Towards millimeter VLBI. Efficiency of Neutrino Annihilation around Spinning Black Holes. Interface Modes and Their Instabilities in Accretion Disc Boundary   Layers. Relativistic Accretion Mediated by Turbulent Comptonization. Capability of Cherenkov Telescopes to Observe Ultra-fast Optical Flares. The prospects of finding the first quasars in the universe. Five ideas on black hole accretion disks. On the release of binding energy and accretion power in core   collapse-like environments. Gravitational lensing of stars orbiting the Massive Black Hole in the   Galactic Center. Liquid metal experiments on the helical magnetorotational instability. Simultaneous H.E.S.S. and Chandra observations of Sagittarius A* during   an X-ray flare. Neutrinos from active black holes, sources of ultra high energy cosmic   rays. Gauss's method for secular dynamics, softened. The X-ray Jets of Active Galaxies. Using Millimeter VLBI to Constrain RIAF Models of Sagittarius A*. Massive Black Hole Recoil in High Resolution Hosts. The formation of the black hole in the X-ray binary system V404 Cyg. Three-Dimensional Simulations of Dynamics of Accretion Flows Irradiated   by a Quasar. Chandra observations of the galaxy group AWM 5: cool core re-heating and   thermal conduction suppression. Black Hole Spins of Radio Sources. Intermediate-Mass Black Holes as LISA Sources. Profiles of emission lines generated by rings orbiting braneworld Kerr   black holes. A Characteristic Division Between the Fueling of Quasars and Seyferts:   Five Simple Tests. On the origin of spectral states in accreting black holes. A universal inequality for axisymmetric and stationary black holes with   surrounding matter in the Einstein-Maxwell theory. Detection of the second eclipsing high mass X-ray binary in M 33. Binary Black Hole Merger in Galactic Nuclei: Post-Newtonian Simulations. Gravitational wave detection using pulsars: status of the Parkes Pulsar   Timing Array project. Effects of Fluid Composition on Spherical Flows around Black Holes. Quasar Clustering from SDSS DR5: Dependences on Physical Properties. Neutron-Rich Freeze-Out in Viscously Spreading Accretion Disks Formed   from Compact Object Mergers. Accretion onto Intermediate-Mass Black Holes in Dense Protogalactic   Clouds. Charged Black Holes in Phantom Cosmology. Modelling the final state from binary black-hole coalescences. Strong field effects on pulsar arrival times: circular orbits and   equatorial beams. The Black Hole Mass-Bulge Luminosity Relationship for Active Galactic   Nuclei from Reverberation Mapping and Hubble Space Telescope Imaging. Transient Pulses from Exploding Primordial Black Holes as a Signature of   an Extra Dimension. Oscillations of the Inner Regions of Viscous Accretion Disks. Imprints of recoiling massive black-holes on the hot gas of early type   galaxies. The Graininess of Dark Matter Haloes. Formation of the first nuclear clusters and massive black holes at high   redshift. Evolution of Anemone AR NOAA 10798 and the Related Geo-Effective Flares   and CMEs. Are red 2MASS QSOs young?. The XMM-Newton view of AGN with intermediate mass black holes. PIC simulation of a strong double layer in a nonrelativistic plasma   flow: Electron acceleration to ultrarelativistic speeds. Double quasars: probes of black hole scaling relationships and merger   scenarios. The warped young stellar disc in the Galactic Centre. [On the jet contribution to the AGN cosmic energy budget. Resource Letter BH-2: Black Holes. Could the Fermi-LAT detect gamma-rays from dark matter annihilation in   the dwarf galaxies of the Local Group?. The high-energy emission from GX 339-4 as seen with INTEGRAL and   XMM-Newton. Measuring the inclination and mass-to-light ratio of axisymmetric   galaxies via anisotropic Jeans models of stellar kinematics. Searching for Transient Pulses with the ETA Radio Telescope. Quasar optical variability: searching for interband time delays. The mass of the black hole in Centaurus A from SINFONI AO-assisted   integral-field observations of stellar kinematics. Replacing Anthropy with entropy: Does it work?. SDSSJ092712.65+294344.0: NGC 1275 at z=0.7?. SMBH feeding and star formation in massive accretion discs. AGN's UV and X-ray luminosities in clumpy accretion flows. Chandra Observations of Nuclear X-ray Emission from Low Surface   Brightness Galaxies. On the Time Variability of Geometrically-Thin Black Hole Accretion Disks   II: Viscosity-Induced Global Oscillation Modes in Simulated Disks. An Alternative Origin for Hypervelocity Stars. 2.5-dimensional solution of the advective accretion disk: A self-similar   approach. Angular correlations in the cosmic gamma-ray background from dark matter   annihilation around intermediate-mass black holes. Nucleosynthetic Yields from "Collapsars". Ultra-hard fluid and scalar field in the Kerr-Newman metric. The Megamaser Cosmology Project: I. VLBI observations of UGC 3789. Looking to the future: using IR interferometry to study microquasars. An anti-correlation between X-ray luminosity and H-alpha equivalent   width in X-ray binaries. Emergence of hyperons in failed supernovae: trigger of the black hole   formation. The Spitzer Infrared Nearby Galaxies Survey: A High-Resolution   Spectroscopy Anthology. Consistent Loop Quantum Cosmology. A model of the TeV flare of Cygnus X-1: electron acceleration and   extended pair cascades. Constraints on black hole accretion in V Puppis. The Inconvenient Truth About Coronal Dimmings. Homoclinic Orbits around Spinning Black Holes II: The Phase Space   Portrait. Homoclinic Orbits around Spinning Black Holes I: Exact Solution for the   Kerr Separatrix. Slow relaxation of rapidly rotating black holes. Dynamics of Black Hole Pairs II: Spherical Orbits and the Homoclinic   Limit of Zoom-Whirliness. Loop quantum cosmology and tensor perturbations in the early universe. Boson stars in the centre of galaxies?. Superradiant instability for black holes immersed in a magnetic field. Merger of Massive Black Holes using N-Body Simulations with   Post-Newtonian Corrections. Unveiling the high energy tail of 1E 1740.7-2942 with INTEGRAL. Magnetic Fields of Nearby Active Galactic Nuclei and Correlation of the   Highest-Energy Cosmic Rays with their Positions. Accretion Properties of A Sample of Hard X-ray (<60keV) Selected Seyfert   1 Galaxies. Perturbation Method for Classical Spinning Particle Motion: II. Vaidya   Space-Time. Red giant stellar collisions in the Galactic Centre. Radio Bimodality: Spin, Accretion Mode, or Both?. On the time variability of geometrically-thin black hole accretion disks   I : the search for modes in simulated disks. Counterrotating Dust Disk Around a Schwarzschild Black Hole: New Fully   Integrated Explicit Exact Solution. Spectrum of two component flows around a super-massive black hole: an   application to M87. Unifying disc-jet behaviour in X-ray binaries: an optical/IR approach. Astrometry with the Keck-Interferometer: the ASTRA project and its   science. Simultaneous NIR/sub-mm observation of flare emission from SgrA*. GRS 1915+105 : High-energy Insights with SPI/INTEGRAL. Broad-Band Spectrum of The Black Hole Candidate IGR J17497-2821 Studied   with Suzaku. Tidal disruption and ignition of white dwarfs by moderately massive   black holes. Delayed X-ray emission from fallback in compact-object mergers. Global Slim Accretion Disk Solutions Revisited. Corotational Damping of Diskoseismic C-modes in Black Hole Accretion   Discs. Corotational Instability of Inertial-Acoustic Modes in Black Hole   Accretion Discs and Quasi-Periodic Oscillations. Scattering and absorption of gravitational plane waves by rotating black   holes. Flaring variability of Microquasars. Tidally-induced thermonuclear Supernovae. Simulation of a hybrid optical-radio-acoustic neutrino detector at the   South Pole. Radiative transfer in black hole systems. Transonic properties of the accretion disk around compact objects. Higher order nonlinearity in accretion disks: QPOs of black hole and   neutron star sources and their spin. Determining Quasar Black Hole Mass Functions from their Broad Emission   Lines: Application to the Bright Quasar Survey. The accretion regime of LS 5039: 3-D SPH simulations. Identifying Decaying Supermassive Black Hole Binaries from their   Variable Electromagnetic Emission. Magnetic layers and neutral points near rotating black hole. Are AGN the Best Factories for High Energy Particles and Photons?. Stationary Configurations Imply Shift Symmetry: No Bondi Accretion for   Quintessence / k-Essence. Galaxies appear simpler than expected. Short Gamma-Ray Bursts and Gravitational Waves from Dynamically Formed   Merging Binaries. Masses, Beaming and Eddington Ratios in Ultraluminous X-ray Sources. The XMM-Newton Serendipitous Survey. VI. The X-ray Luminosity Function. A Blind Search for Bursts of Very High Enery Gamma Rays with Milagro. A Spitzer Spectroscopic Survey of Low Ionization Nuclear Emission-line   Regions: Characterization of the Central Source. Gravitational Wave Recoil Oscillations of Black Holes: Implications for   Unified Models of Active Galactic Nuclei. CAIXA: a Catalogue of AGN In the XMM-Newton Archive I. Spectral analysis. Acoustic noise in deep ice and environmental conditions at the South   Pole. Lopsided Spiral Galaxies. Accretion onto the First Stellar Mass Black Holes. The Lopsidedness of Present-Day Galaxies: Connections to the Formation   of Stars, the Chemical Evolution of Galaxies, and the Growth of Black Holes. Reprocessing of X-rays in the outer accretion disc of the black hole   binary XTE J1817--330. The M-Sigma Project. HD 271791: An Extreme Supernova Runaway B Star Escaping from the Galaxy. Hypervelocity Stars and the Galactic Center. Two-component galaxy models: the effect of density profile at large   radii on the phase-space consistency. Mass and Mean Velocity Dispersion Relations for Supermassive Black Holes   in Galactic Bulges. Multi-Satellite Observations of Cygnus X-1 to Study the Focused Wind and   Absorption Dips. Massive black hole binary mergers within sub-pc scale gas discs. Pulsar searches and timing with the SKA. Contribution of Compact Mass Transferring Systems to the Galactic   Gravitational Wave Background. Peculiar nature of hard X-ray eclipse in SS433 from INTEGRAL   observations. BeppoSAX Observations of the Power and Energy Spectral Evolution in the   Black Hole Candidate XTE J1650-500. Simulations of AGN feedback in galaxy clusters and groups: impact on gas   fractions and the Lx-T scaling relation. Radiation processes around accreting black holes. Gravitational Field of Spherical Branes. LISA detection of massive black hole binaries: imprint of seed   populations and of exterme recoils. A High Precision, Optical Polarimeter to Measure Inclinations of High   Mass X-Ray Binaries. Impacts of WIMP dark matter upon stellar evolution: main-sequence stars. INTEGRAL and XMM-Newton Spectroscopy of GX 339-4 During Hard/Soft   Intermediate and High/Soft States in the 2007 Outburst. Primordial black holes from monopoles connected by strings. Quasinormal resonances of near-extremal Kerr-Newman black holes. Stable and "bounded excursion" gravastars, and black holes in Einstein's   theory of gravity. Post-Newtonian simulations of super-massive black hole binaries in   galactic nuclei. Spectral transitions of an ultraluminous X-ray source, NGC 2403 Source 3. A Major X-ray Outburst from an Ultraluminous X-Ray Source in M82. Dark energy, exotic matter and properties of horizons in black hole   physics and cosmology. Galaxy Size Problem at z=3: Simulated Galaxies Are Too Small. Prospects for testing the nature of Sgr A*'s NIR flares on the basis of   current VLT- and future VLTI-observations. The physics of non-thermal radiation in microquasars. On the Low Surface Magnetic Field Structure of Quark Stars. The evolution of massive and very massive stars in clusters. Dissipation and Extra Light in Galactic Nuclei: IV. Evolution in the   Scaling Relations of Spheroids. Monitoring stellar orbits around the Massive Black Hole in the Galactic   Center. New two-colour light curves of Q0957+561: time delays and the origin of   intrinsic variations. Probability for Primordial Black Holes in Multidimensional Universe with   Nonlinear Scalar Curvature Terms. A slowly accreting ~10 Myr old transitional disk in Orion OB1a. The synchrotron boiler and the spectral states of black hole binaries. Accurate evolutions of inspiralling neutron-star binaries: prompt and   delayed collapse to black hole. Is the CMB cold spot a gate to extra dimensions?. The nature of LS 5039 under the scrutiny of gamma-rays. Gamma rays from compact binary system. Innocuous Implications of a Minimum Length in Quantum Gravity. The Existence of Sterile Neutrino Halos in Galactic Centers as an   Explanation of the Black Hole mass - Velocity Dispersion Relation. The cosmological consequence of an obscured AGN population on the   radiation efficiency. Ejection of hypervelocity binary stars by a black hole of intermediate   mass orbiting Sgr A*. The X-Ray Point-Source Population of NGC 1365: The Puzzle of Two   Highly-Variable Ultraluminous X-ray Sources. Simultaneous X-ray/optical/UV snapshots of active galactic nuclei from   XMM-Newton: spectral energy distributions for the reverberation mapped sample. The efficient low-mass Seyfert MCG-05-23-016. Oscillation and Future Detection of Failed Supernova Neutrinos from   Black Hole Forming Collapse. Ongoing and co-evolving star formation in zCOSMOS galaxies hosting   Active Galactic Nuclei. Systematic Uncertainties in Black Hole Masses Determined from Single   Epoch Spectra. Broad-band X-ray spectral evolution of GX 339-4 during a state   transition. Evidence for Merger-Driven Activity in the Clustering of High Redshift   Quasars. BH Accretion in Low-Mass Galaxies Since z~1. Effects of Magnetic Fields on the Diskoseismic Modes of Accreting Black   Holes. First Results from the Lick AGN Monitoring Project: The Mass of the   Black Hole in Arp 151. Multi-Scale CLEAN: A comparison of its performance against classical   CLEAN in galaxies using THINGS. Pathways to massive black holes and compact star clusters in   pre-galactic dark matter haloes with virial temperatures > 10000K. Area spectrum of rotating black holes via the new interpretation of   quasinormal modes. Star Formation Around Super-Massive Black Holes. Hyper-accreting black holes. Outflows, Bubbles, and the Role of the Radio Jet: Direct Evidence for   AGN Feedback at z~2. Constraints on the Size of Extra Dimensions from the Orbital Evolution   of Black-Hole X-Ray Binaries. Probing the accretion disk and central engine structure of NGC4258 with   Suzaku and XMM-Newton observations. Kinematic Density Waves in Accretion Disks. Reflection dominated X-ray spectra of Narrow Line Seyfert 1 Galaxies:   Mrk 478 and EXO 1346.2+2645. Eddington ratios of faint AGN at intermediate redshift: Evidence for a   population of half-starved black holes. Evidence for powerful AGN winds at high redshift: Dynamics of galactic   outflows in radio galaxies during the "Quasar Era". A parsec scale X-ray extended structure from the X-ray binary Circinus   X-1. The implications from CANGAROO-III observations of TeV blazar PKS   2155-304. Relativistic images of Schwarzschild black hole lensing. Supermassive black holes, star formation and downsizing of elliptical   galaxies. An Improved Method for Using MgII to Estimate Black Hole Masses in   Active Galactic Nuclei. Black Holes in Pseudobulges and Spheroidals: A Change in the Black   Hole-Bulge Scaling Relations at Low Mass. MAXI and GLAST Studies of Jets in Active Galaxies. Spectral variability in Cygnus X-3. Warp and eccentricity propagation in discs around black holes. Dark matter dynamics in Galactic center. Braneworld Black Holes. The 2007 outburst of the X-ray binary XTE J1856+053. Long-Term Evolution of and X-ray Emission from a Recoiling Supermassive   Black Hole in a Disk Galaxy. Suzaku Observations of Cyg X-1. Optical caustics of Kerr spacetime: the full structure. Dyadosphere formed in gravitational collapse. Neutrino alert systems for Gamma Ray Bursts and Transient astronomical   Sources. The impact of accretion disk winds on the X-ray spectrum of AGN: Part 2   - XSCORT + Hydrodynamic Simulations. MAMBO 1.2mm observations of luminous starbursts at z~2 in the SWIRE   fields. Stellar disruption by a supermassive black hole: is the light curve   really proportional to  t^{-5/3} ?. Perturbation Method for Classical Spinning Particle Motion: I. Kerr   Space-Time. General Relativistic Magnetohydrodynamic Simulations of the Hard State   as a Magnetically-Dominated Accretion Flow. The clustering of radio galaxies at z~0.55 from the 2SLAQ LRG survey. Black-Hole Engine Kinematics, Flares from PKS 2155-304, and   Multiwavelength Blazar Analysis. Decay of Solutions of the Teukolsky Equation for Higher Spin in the   Schwarzschild Geometry. GMRT study of X-shaped radio sources. Supernova 2008D: A Repetition of Supernova 1987A In a Binary. HVS7: a chemically peculiar hyper-velocity star. Inferring the Inclination of a Black Hole Accretion Disk from   Observations of its Polarized Continuum Radiation. Flux-Vector-Splitting (FVS) method for Z4 formalism and its numerical   analysis. Jet Formation in MHD Simulations. A near-IR variability study of the Galactic black hole: a red noise   source with no detected periodicity. Average Fe K-alpha emission from distant AGN. The Status and future of ground-based TeV gamma-ray astronomy. A White   Paper prepared for the Division of Astrophysics of the American Physical   Society. Star formation in the central 0.5 pc of the Milky Way. Mass-losing accretion discs around supermassive black holes. Mass estimate of the XTE J1650-500 black hole from the Extended Orbital   Resonance Model for high-frequency QPOs. The nuclear star cluster of the Milky Way. Coordinated multi-wavelength observations of Sgr A*. Coordinated mm/sub-mm observations of Sagittarius A* in May 2007. Fluctuations in the High-Redshift Lyman-Werner Background: Close Halo   Pairs as the Origin of Supermassive Black Holes. An evolving hot spot orbiting around Sgr A*. Warped and eccentric discs around black holes. Excitation of trapped oscillations in discs around black holes. Return of the quantum cosmic censor. The formation of compact massive self-gravitating discs in metal-free   haloes with virial temperatures of ~ 13000-30000 K. Ion Temperatures in the Low Solar Corona: Polar Coronal Holes at Solar   Minimum. Rapidly Spinning Black Holes in Quasars: An Open Question. The Chandra Deep Protocluster Survey: Evidence for an Enhancement in the   AGN Activity in the SSA22 Protocluster at z = 3.09. A New Method for Estimating Dark Matter Halo Masses using Globular   Cluster Systems. Merger of Black Holes in the Galactic Center. Spectral evidence for jets from Accreting Millisecond X-ray Pulsars. The Advanced X-ray Timing Array (AXTAR). A Deep XMM-Newton Observation of the Quasar 3C 287. Approaching the event horizon: 1.3mm VLBI of SgrA*. Spectral variability of ultraluminous X-ray sources. Suzaku Observations of M82 X-1 : Detection of a Curved Hard X-ray   Spectrum. Cosmological perturbations through the big bang. The Kerr/CFT Correspondence. Bremsstrahlung Effects around Evaporating Black Holes. Do Evaporating Black Holes Form Photospheres?. Rapidly spinning massive black holes in active galactic nuclei: evidence   from the black hole mass function. Reconnection in Marginally Collisionless Accretion Disk Coronae. On Internal Consistency of Holographic Dark Energy Models. Modeling of non-stationary accretion disks in X-ray novae A 0620-00 and   GRS 1124-68 during outburst. Gas Evolution in Protoplanetary Disks. Global Compton heating and cooling in hot accretion flows. Very fast optical flaring from a possible new Galactic magnetar. Off-nuclear AGN as a signature of recoiling massive black holes. Radio Properties of Low Redshift Broad Line Active Galactic Nuclei. Observing the First Stars and Black Holes. On aberration in gravitational lensing. Astrophysical implications of hypothetical stable TeV-scale black holes. Dynamics of Black Hole Pairs I: Periodic Tables. Application of the Cubed-Sphere Grid to Tilted Black-Hole Accretion   Disks. Radial structure, inflow & central mass of stationary radiative galaxy   clusters. An Approach Detecting the Event Horizon of Sgr A*. Eccentric binary black-hole mergers: The transition from inspiral to   plunge in general relativity. Methods for detecting flaring structures in Sagittarius A* with high   frequency VLBI. Termination of star formation by BH feedback in equal- and unequal-mass   mergers of disk and elliptical galaxies. Predicting spin of compact objects from their QPOs: A global QPO model. A search for iron emission lines in the Chandra X-ray spectra of neutron   star low-mass X-ray binaries. An intense state of hard X-ray emission of Cyg X-1 observed by INTEGRAL   coincident with TeV measurements. A new model for QPOs in accreting black holes: application to the   microquasar GRS 1915+105. Disk Dominated States of 4U 1957+11: Chandra, XMM, and RXTE Observations   of Ostensibly the Most Rapidly Spinning Galactic Black Hole. Jet power extracted from ADAF and the applications to X-ray binaries and   radio galaxy FR dichotomy. Abundances in Metal-Poor Stars and Chemical Evolution of the Early   Galaxy. AdS4/CFT3+Gravity for Accelerating Conical Singularities. Association of the 3:2 HFQPO Pairs with the Broad Fe K Line in XTE   J1550-564 and GRO J1655-40. Primordial Black Holes, Eternal Inflation, and the Inflationary   Parameter Space after WMAP5. Optical properties of High-Mass X-ray Binaries (HMXB) in the Small   Magellanic Cloud. A Search for the Most Massive Galaxies. III. Global and Central   Structure. High-resolution radio observations of X-ray binaries. A 600 minute near-infrared lightcurve of Sagittarius A*. MMT Hypervelocity Star Survey. Shock heating in the group atmosphere of the radio galaxy B2 0838+32A. Measuring parameters of AGN central engines with very high energy   gamma-ray flares. The decay-time of non-commutative micro-black holes. Event-horizon-scale structure in the supermassive black hole candidate   at the Galactic Centre. Properties of the molecular gas in a starbursting QSO at z=1.83 in the   COSMOS field. Energy-Momentum of the Gravitational Field: Crucial Point for   Gravitation Physics and Cosmology. Three-Dimensional Simulations of Magnetized Thin Accretion Disks around   Black Holes: Stress in the Plunging Region. Testing the Paradigm that Ultraluminous X-ray Sources as a Class   Represent Accreting Intermediate-Mass Black Holes. Electromagnetic signatures of thin accretion disks in wormhole   geometries. The two INTEGRAL X-ray transients IGR J17091--3624 and IGR J17098--3628:   a multi-wavelength long term campaign. The Case for Hypercritical Accretion in M33 X-7. Ionization Cone in the X-ray Binary LMC X-1. Frame-dragging and the kinematics of Galactic-Center stars. Equal- and unequal-mass mergers of disk and elliptical galaxies with   black holes. The advection-dominated accretion flow+thin accretion disk model for two   low-luminosity active galactic nuclei: M81 and NGC4579. On the tidal evolution of the orbits of low-mass satellites around black   holes. A new mechanism for massive binary black hole evolution. The X-ray variability and the near-IR to X-ray spectral energy   distribution of four low luminosity Seyfert 1 galaxies. Perturbed Kerr Black Holes can probe deviations from General Relativity. Dynamical and evolutionary constraints on the nature and origin of   hypervelocity stars. Radiation-Dominated Disks Are Thermally Stable. Modeling the Retention Probability of Black Holes in Globular Clusters:   Kicks and Rates. Gravitational Wave Astronomy. Understanding Compact Object Formation and Natal Kicks: II. The case of   XTE J1118+480. Physical Interpretation of Coordinates for the Schwarzschild Metric. Candidate AGNs in Late-Type Galaxies. Black hole mass measurements using ionized gas discs: systematic dust   effects. Central engines of Gamma Ray Bursts. Magnetic mechanism in the collapsar   model. On Kaluza-Klein spacetime in Einstein-Gauss-Bonnet gravity. A massive binary black-hole system in OJ287 and a test of general   relativity. Separability of the massive Dirac's equation in 5-dimensional   Myers-Perry black hole geometry and its relation to a rank-three Killing-Yano   tensor. Supermassive Black Holes in Galactic Bulges. Geometrical and Physical Properties of Circumbinary Discs in Eccentric   Stellar Binaries. Extended Emission-Line Regions: Remnants of Quasar Superwinds?. The Co-Evolution of Galaxies and Black Holes: Current Status and Future   Prospects. Dynamical Constraints on The Masses of the Nuclear Star Cluster and   Black Hole in the Late-Type Spiral Galaxy NGC 3621. A Full Year's Chandra Exposure on SDSS Quasars from the Chandra   Multiwavelength Project. Evolving black hole-neutron star binaries in general relativity using   pseudospectral and finite difference methods. Discovery of a relationship between spiral arm morphology and   supermassive black hole mass in disk galaxies. Kaon Condensation, Black Holes and Cosmological Natural Selection. The High-Mass End of the Black Hole Mass Function: Mass Estimates in   Brightest Cluster Galaxies. Imaging the Molecular Gas in a z=3.9 Quasar Host Galaxy at 0.3"   Resolution: A Central, Sub-Kiloparsec Scale Star Formation Reservoir in APM   08279+5255. The supermassive black hole of Fornax A. The cosmological co-evolution of supermassive black holes, AGN and   galaxies. A model-independent test of spatial variations of the Newtonian   gravitational constant in some extrasolar planetary systems. Gravitational and Anti-gravitational Applications. Tidal torques. A critical review of some techniques. Critical Test of the Self-Similar Cosmological Paradigm: Anomalously Few   Planets Orbiting Low-Mass Red Dwarf Stars. Can the tidal quality factors of terrestrial planets and moons scale as   positive powers of the tidal frequency?. The Theory of Bodily Tides. The Models and the Physics. Specific Angular Momentum of Extrasolar Planetary Systems. Pulsar Navigation in the Solar System. Constraining the relative inclinations of the planets B and C of the   millisecond pulsar PSR B1257+12. Lecture notes on the formation and early evolution of planetary systems. Long-term evolution of orbits about a precessing oblate planet: 1. The   case of uniform precession. Worlds Beyond: A Strategy for the Detection and Characterization of   Exoplanets. Atmospheric Consequences of Cosmic Ray Variability in the Extragalactic   Shock Model II: Revised ionization levels and their consequences. Patchy Reconnection in a Y-Type Current Sheet. Juno, the angular momentum of Jupiter and the Lense-Thirring effect. Orbital effects of Sun's mass loss and the Earth's fate. Stability of the directly imaged multiplanet system HR 8799: resonance   and masses. How eccentric orbital solutions can hide planetary systems in 2:1   resonant orbits. Hydrodynamics of structure formation in the early Universe. Relativistic versus Newtonian orbit model: the Relativistic Motion   Integrator (RMI) software. Illustration with the LISA mission. Chaotic Diffusion of Resonant Kuiper Belt Objects. Atmospheric circulation of hot Jupiters: Coupled radiative-dynamical   general circulation model simulations of HD 189733b and HD 209458b. The resonant structure of Jupiter's trojan asteroids-II. What happens   for different configurations of the planetary system. OGLE-2005-BLG-071Lb, the Most Massive M-Dwarf Planetary Companion?. Geodynamics and Rate of Volcanism on Massive Earth-like Planets. Independent confirmation and refined parameters of the hot Jupiter XO-5b. The search for extrasolar planets: Study of line bisectors and its   relation with precise radial velocity measurements. The modulation of SiO maser polarization by Jovian planets. Kozai cycles, tidal friction and the dynamical evolution of binary minor   planets. Stellar activity of planetary host star HD 189733. Empirical evidence for tidal evolution in transiting planetary systems. Probing the Interiors of Very Hot Jupiters Using Transit Light Curves. ExoFit: Orbital Parameters of Extra-solar Planets from Radial Velocities. Ten New and Updated Multi-planet Systems, and a Survey of Exoplanetary   Systems. Gravitomagnetic effects in Kerr-de Sitter space-time. On the averaging principle for one-frequency systems. An application to   satellite motions. Precessing planetary magnetospheres in SiO stars ? First detection of   quasi-periodic polarization fluctuations in R Leo and V Cam. Fomalhaut's Debris Disk and Planet: Constraining the Mass of Fomalhaut b   From Disk Morphology. Formation, Survival, and Destruction of Vortices in Accretion Disks. Cryptic photosynthesis, Extrasolar planetary oxygen without a surface   biological signature. The Physics of Bodily Tides in Terrestrial Planets, and the Appropriate   Scales of Dynamical Evolution. On the evolution of mean motion resonances through stochastic forcing:   Fast and slow libration modes and the origin of HD128311. On the habitability of the OGLE-2006-BLG-109L planetary system. Equilibria in the secular, non-coplanar two-planet problem. Long period planets from dynamical relaxation. AMiBA Observations, Data Analysis and Results for Sunyaev-Zel'dovich   Effects. Orbital Evolution of a Particle Interacting with a Single Planet in a   Protoplanetary Disk. Poynting-Robertson effect and capture of grains in exterior resonances   with planets. Jupiter - friend or foe? I: the asteroids. Co-orbital Oligarchy. The Jupiter Twin HD 154345b. Improved parameters for the transiting hot Jupiters WASP-4b and WASP-5b. Two-Dimensional Transport of Solids in Viscous Protoplanetary Disks. WASP-12b: The hottest transiting planet yet discovered. Origin of Europa and the Galilean Satellites. Measuring interstellar magnetic fields by radio synchrotron emission. Spectroscopy of the sdB pulsator HS2201+2610. Search for the magnetic field of the O7.5 III star xi Persei. The magnetic field of the B3V star 16 Pegasi. High Inclination Planets in Multistellar Systems. Photometric Follow-up Observations of the Transiting Neptune-Mass Planet   GJ 436b. The Role of the Random Magnetic Fields in the ISM: HVCs Numerical   Simulations. Dynamics of Planetary Systems in Star Clusters. MHD Remote Numerical Simulations: Evolution of Coronal Mass Ejections. Deep MMT Transit Survey of the Open Cluster M37 IV: Limit on the   Fraction of Stars With Planets as Small as 0.3 R_J. Measuring and calibrating Galactic synchrotron emission. HD 91669b: A New Brown Dwarf Candidate from the McDonald Observatory   Planet Search. Discovery of fossil magnetic fields in the intermediate-mass pre-main   sequence stars. The magnetic field structure in NGC 253 in presence of a galactic wind. Planet influence on the shape of the hosting star - ellipsoidal   variations of tau Bootis. Observations of the transiting planet TrES-2 with the AIU Jena telescope   in Großschwabhausen. Planet Formation by Concurrent Collapse. Spectropolarimetry of SNR G296.5+10.0. Eccentricity modulation of a close-in planet by a companion -   application to GJ 436 system. The First High-Precision Radial Velocity Search for Extra-Solar Planets. The complementarity of astrometric and radial velocity exoplanet   observations - Determining exoplanet mass with astrometric snapshots. Testing the cosmological evolution of magnetic fields in galaxies with   the SKA. Parallel Algorithm for Solving Kepler's Equation on Graphics Processing   Units: Application to Analysis of Doppler Exoplanet Searches. Spitzer Planet Limits around the Pulsating White Dwarf GD66. RAPID: A fast, high resolution, flux-conservative algorithm designed for   planet-disk interactions. Shock fragmentation model for gravitational collapse. The Frequency of Warm Debris Disks and Transition Disks in a Complete   Sample of Intermediate-Mass GLIMPSE Stars: Placing Constraints on Disk   Lifetimes. Angular Momentum Loss and Stellar spin-down in Magnetic Massive Stars. The basic role of magnetic field in stellar evolution. Protostellar Cloud Fragmentation and Inward Migration by Disk Capture as   the Origin of Massive Exoplanets. Magnetic Fields in Paradigms of Planetary Nebulae and Related MHD   Frontiers. Detecting Magnetic Fields in Large-Scale Structure with Radio   Polarization. Anisotropic winds from close-in extra-solar planets. Analytical Solutions for Radiative Transfer: Implications for Giant   Planet Formation by Disk Instability. Dynamical Simulations of the Planetary System HD69830. Is the wind of the Oe star HD 155806 magnetically confined?. Magnetic fields, winds and X-rays of massive stars in the Orion Nebula   Cluster. GMIMS: The Global Magneto-Ionic Medium Survey. Tidal dynamics of extended bodies in planetary systems and multiple   stars. Transiting planets - lightcurve analysis for eccentric orbits. The promise of Gaia and how it will influence stellar ages. Radial differential rotation vs surface differential rotation:   investigation based on dynamo models. PIERNIK mhd code - a multi-fluid, non-ideal extension of the   relaxing-TVD scheme (I). Toward understanding the 3.4 micron and 9.7 micron extinction feature   variations from the local diffuse interstellar medium to the Galactic center. The 21 micron and 30 micron circumstellar dust features in evolved   C-rich objects. The extrasolar planet atmosphere and exosphere: Emission and   transmission spectroscopy. Tests of achromatic phase shifters performed on the SYNAPSE test bench:   a progress report. Planet-bound dark matter and the internal heat of Uranus, Neptune, and   hot-Jupiter exoplanets. A cool starspot or a second transiting planet in the TrES-1 system?. A Resolved Ring of Debris Dust Around the Solar Analog HD 107146. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets. XVII. Super-Earth and   Neptune-mass planets in multiple planet systems HD47186 and HD181433. Distinguishing between Planetary and Binary Interpretations of   Microlensing Central Perturbations under Severe Finite-Source Effect. Investigating the potential of the Pan-Planets project using Monte Carlo   simulations. Sub-Microarcsecond Astrometry with SIM-Lite: A Testbed-based Performance   Assessment. Expected Planet and False Positive Detection Rates for the Transiting   Exoplanet Survey Satellite. HATNet Field G205: Follow-Up Observations of 28 Transiting-Planet   candidates and Confirmation of the Planet HAT-P-8b. Ice Lines, Planetesimal Composition and Solid Surface Density in the   Solar Nebula. Dynamical Tides in Rotating Planets and Stars. Habitability of Super-Earth Planets around Other Suns: Models including   Red Giant Branch Evolution. Diversity among other worlds: characterization of exoplanets by direct   detection. Characterization of the HD 17156 planetary system. OGLE2-TR-L9: An extrasolar planet transiting a fast-rotating F3 star. Effects of scattering and dust grain size on the temperature structure   of protoplanetary discs: A three-layer approach. Type I Planet Migration in Nearly Laminar Disks. The Highly Eccentric Pre-Main Sequence Spectroscopic Binary RX   J0529.3+1210. The WFC3 Galactic Bulge Treasury Program: A First Look at Resolved   Stellar Population Tools. A Smaller Radius for the Transiting Exoplanet WASP-10b. Rapid Formation of Icy Super-Earths and the Cores of Gas Giant Planets. The Upper Atmosphere of HD17156b. On the growth and stability of Trojan planets. Three-dimensional simulations of multiple protoplanets embedded in a   protostellar disc. Exoplanets from the CHEPS: Discovery of the Double Planet System   HD191760. Parameter degeneracies and (un)predictability of gravitational   microlensing events. Transit infrared spectroscopy of the hot neptune around GJ 436 with the   Hubble Space Telescope. Super Earth Explorer: A Coronagraphic Off-Axis Space Telescope. The search for a strategy for mankind to survive the solar Red Giant   catastrophe. The sdB+M Eclipsing System HW Virginis and its Circumbinary Planets. A probable giant planet imaged in the Beta Pictoris disk. On the origin of eccentricities among extrasolar planets. Homogeneous studies of transiting extrasolar planets. II. Physical   properties. Optical Images of an Exosolar Planet 25 Light Years from Earth. Atmospheric Escape from Hot Jupiters. Lithium abundances in exoplanet-host stars : modelling. Planets in Stellar Clusters Extensive Search. V. Search for planets and   identification of 18 new variable stars in the old open cluster NGC 188. MMT/AO 5 micron Imaging Constraints on the Existence of Giant Planets   Orbiting Fomalhaut at ~13-40 AU. Long-Term Evolution in Transit Duration of Extrasolar Planets from   Magnetic Activity in their Parent Stars. Repeating microlensing events in the OGLE data. Direct Imaging of Multiple Planets Orbiting the Star HR 8799. Metallicities for 13 nearby open clusters from high-resolution   spectroscopy of dwarf and giant stars. Stellar metallicity, stellar mass, and   giant planets. Six Hot Topics in Planetary Astronomy. A Precise Estimate of the Radius of the Exoplanet HD 149026b from   Spitzer Photometry. Empirical Constraints on Trojan Companions and Orbital Eccentricities in   25 Transiting Exoplanetary Systems. The X-Ray Environment During the Epoch of Terrestrial Planet Formation:   Chandra Observations of h Persei. Six White Dwarfs with Circumstellar Silicates. Putting Yukawa-like Modified Gravity (MOG) on the test in the Solar   System. Accounting for velocity jitter in planet search surveys. 55 Cancri: A Laboratory for Testing Numerous Conjectures about Planet   Formation. Exact Solutions of the Isothermal Lane--Emden Equation with Rotation and   Implications for the Formation of Planets and Satellites. Digging Into the Surface of the Icy Dwarf Planet Eris. Planet formation in the habitable zone of alpha Centauri B. The Minimum Jeans Mass, Brown Dwarf Companion IMF, and Predictions for   Detection of Y-type Dwarfs. Planetpol polarimetry of the exoplanet systems 55 Cnc and tau Boo. Magnetic activity in the photosphere of CoRoT-Exo-2a. Active longitudes   and short-term spot cycle in a young Sun-like star. Standing on the shoulders of giants: Trojan Earths and vortex trapping   in low mass self-gravitating protoplanetary disks of gas and solids. Did Saturn's rings form during the Late Heavy Bombardment ?. WASP-10b: a 3M_J, gas-giant planet transiting a late-type K star. Secular Evolution of HD 12661: A System Caught at an Unlikely Time. WASP-14b: 7.3 Mj transiting planet in an eccentric orbit. Intergalactic dust and its photoelectric heating. Science with UT's Dichroic-Mirror Camera (DMC), 15-band simultaneous   imager. A High Precision, Optical Polarimeter to Measure Inclinations of High   Mass X-Ray Binaries. Solar System tests of some models of modified gravity proposed to   explain galactic rotation curves without dark matter. First Confirmed Detection of a Bipolar Molecular Outflow from a Young   Brown Dwarf. Low Mass Companions for Five Solar-Type Stars from the Magellan Planet   Search Program. On The Use of Absorption Cells as a Wavelength Reference for Precision   Radial Velocity Measurements in the Near Infrared. NUV radii of the extrasolar planet HD 209458b. Models of Jupiter's Growth Incorporating Thermal and Hydrodynamic   Constraints. Target star catalog for Darwin: Nearby Stellar sample for a search for   terrestrial planets. Resolved debris disk emission around eta Tel: a young Solar System or   ongoing planet formation?. The mass-radius relationship from solar-type stars to terrestrial   planets: a review. The BAST algorithm for transit detection. The Transit Light Curve Project. X. A Christmas Transit of HD 17156b. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets XVII. Six long-period   giant planets around BD -17 0063, HD 20868, HD 73267, HD 131664, HD 145377,   HD 153950. Epsilon Eridani's Planetary Debris Disk: Structure and Dynamics based on   Spitzer and CSO Observations. Non-thermal Electrons at the Earth's Bow Shock: A `Gradual' Event. Report of IAU Commission 30 on Radial Velocities (2006-2009). Direct Imaging and Spectroscopy of a Planetary Mass Candidate Companion   to a Young Solar Analog. RoboNet-II: Follow-up observations of microlensing events with a robotic   network of telescopes. New Observations and a Possible Detection of Parameter Variations in the   Transits of Gliese 436b. Mean Motion Resonances in Extrasolar Planetary Systems with Turbulence,   Interactions, and Damping. The statistics of accelerations seen in radial velocity searches for   planets. Planetary microlensing signals from the orbital motion of the source   star around the common barycentre. A comprehensive comparison of the Sun to other stars: searching for   self-selection effects. Empirical Models of Pressure and Density in Saturn's Interior:   Implications for the Helium Concentration, its Depth Dependence, and Saturn's   Precession Rate. New methods for large dynamical range problems in planetary formation. Updated parameters for the transiting exoplanet WASP-3b using RISE, a   new fast camera for the Liverpool Telescope. Five-Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP)Observations: Beam   Maps and Window Functions. The timescale for giant planet formation : constraints from the   rotational evolution of exoplanet host stars. The Effect of Lunar-like Satellites on the Orbital Infrared Light Curves   of Earth-analog Planets. Mid-Infrared Properties of Disk Averaged Observations of Earth with AIRS. Solar-like oscillations in red giants in the CoRoT exo-field. The Detectability of Exo-Earths and Super-Earths Via Resonant Signatures   in Exozodiacal Clouds. Thermal Effects of Circumplanetary Disk Formation around Proto-Gas Giant   Planets. Extrasolar planets and brown dwarfs around A-F type stars VI. High   precision RV survey of early type dwarfs with HARPS. Super Star Clusters in SBS0335-052E. Asteroseismology and the Solar-Stellar Connection. Asteroseismic age and radius of Kepler stars. Dark-Energy Dynamics Required to Solve the Cosmic Coincidence. Is it necessary to go beyond the ponctual mass approximation for tidal   perturber in close systems?. Microlensing of close binary stars. Magnetohydrodynamic experiments on cosmic magnetic fields. Advances in the measurement of the Lense-Thirring effect with planetary   motions in the field of the Sun. Formation, evolution and multiplicity of brown dwarfs and giant   exoplanets. Rotational Line Emission from Water in Protoplanetary Disks. Core instability models of giant planet accretion II: forming planetary   systems. A Planet in a 0.6-AU Orbit Around the K0 Giant HD 102272. Selection Functions in Doppler Planet Searches. Levy Flights of Binary Orbits due to Impulsive Encounters. HAT-P-10b: A light and moderately hot Jupiter transiting a K dwarf. IAU Planet Definition: Some Confusions and Their Modifications. Array configuration studies for the SKA -- Implementation of figures of   merit based on SDR. GMRT study of X-shaped radio sources. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission VI. CoRoT-Exo-3b: The   first secure inhabitant of the brown-dwarf desert. Optical Characterization of a New Young Stellar Population in the   Serpens Molecular Cloud. On-Line Long-Exposure Phase Diversity: a Powerful Tool for Sensing   Quasi-Static Aberrations of Extreme Adaptive Optics Imaging Systems. Stellar wobble caused by a binary system: Can it really be mistaken as   an extra-solar planet?. Molecules in the disk orbiting the twin young suns of V4046 Sgr. Saturn Forms by Core Accretion in 3.4 Myr. A Metal-biased Planet Search. Detection of a Temperature Inversion in the Broadband Infrared Emission   Spectrum of TrES-4. Secular dynamics of coplanar, non-resonant planetary system under the   general relativity and quadrupole moment perturbations. Vortices in self-gravitating disks. ADONIS high contrast infrared imaging of Sirius-B. Can the Pioneer anomaly be induced by velocity-dependent forces? Tests   in the outer regions of solar system with planetary dynamics. The Atmospheres of Extrasolar Planets. The sub-Jupiter mass transiting exoplanet WASP-11b. A New Spectroscopic and Photometric Analysis of the Transiting Planet   Systems TrES-3 and TrES-4. Cloud formation in substellar atmospheres. Star-Planet Interactions. Investigating the flyby scenario for the HD 141569 system. ASTEP South: An Antarctic Search for Transiting Planets around the   celestial South pole. Front- vs. back-illuminated CCD cameras for photometric surveys: a noise   budget analysis. Enhanced Dust Emission in the HL Tau Disc: A Low-Mass Companion in   Formation?. Gas Evolution in Protoplanetary Disks. Resonance Trapping in Protoplanetary Disks. I. Coplanar Systems. ESA White paper: Atmospheric modeling: Setting Biomarkers in context. Photometric variability of the T Tauri star TW Hya on time scales of   hours to years. Extrasolar planets and brown dwarfs around A-F type stars V. A planetary   system found with HARPS around the F6IV-V star HD 60532. Deep MMT Transit Survey of the Open Cluster M37 III: Stellar Rotation at   550 Myr. The Growth & Migration of Jovian Planets in Evolving Protostellar Disks   with Dead Zones. CN Neutrinos and the Sun's Primordial Core Metalicity. An Inexpensive Field-Widened Monolithic Michelson Interferometer for   Precision Radial Velocity Measurements. Behavior of the reflection function of a plane-parallel medium for   directions of incidence and reflection tending to horizontal directions. A Young Planet Search in Visible and IR Light: DN Tau, V836 Tau, and   V827 Tau. Mean motion resonances from planet-planet scattering. High Resolution Spectropolarimetry of the H-alpha Line: Obscured Stars   and Absorptive Polarization. Microlensing Event MOA-2007-BLG-400: Exhuming the Buried Signature of a   Cool, Jovian-Mass Planet. Observing Strategies for the NICI Campaign to Directly Image Extrasolar   Planets. Performance of the Near-infrared coronagraphic imager on Gemini-South. Comparison of coronagraphs for high contrast imaging in the context of   Extremely Large Telescopes. Planet Migration through a Self-Gravitating Planetesimal Disk. Stability of Distant Satellites of Giant Planets in the Solar System. Turbulent formation of protogalaxies at the end of the plasma epoch:   theory and observations. Using SPICA Space Telescope to characterize Exoplanets. Evolution of proto-galaxy-clusters to their present form: theory and   observations. HAT-P-9b: A Low Density Planet Transiting a Moderately Faint F star. Habitable Climates: The Influence of Obliquity. Resonances of low orders in the planetary system of HD37124. TiO and VO broad band absorption features in the optical spectrum of the   atmosphere of the hot-Jupiter HD209458b. Stellar Proper Motions in the Galactic Bulge from deep HST ACS/WFC   Photometry. Planetary Transits and Tidal Evolution. Fainter and closer: finding planets by symmetry breaking. Meteorites and the physico-chemical conditions in the early solar nebula. The angular sizes of dwarf stars and subgiants - Non-linear surface   brightness relations in BVRcIc from interferometry. Multi-Wavelength Constraints on the Day-Night Circulation Patterns of HD   189733b. The Signature of the Ice Line and Modest Type I Migration in the   Observed Exoplanet Mass-Semimajor Axis Distribution. Searching for molecular hydrogen mid-infrared emission in the   circumstellar environments of Herbig Be stars. High Precision Radial Velocity Measurements in the Infrared: A First   Assessment of the RV Stability of CRIRES. Two Jupiter-Mass Planets Orbiting HD 154672 and HD 205739. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets: XIV. Gl 176b, a   super-Earth rather than a Neptune, and at a different period. Minimal Energy Transfer of Solid Material Between Planetary Systems. Lithium depletion and the rotational history of exoplanet host stars. Natural Transfer of Viable Microbes in Space from Planets in the   Extra-Solar Systems to a Planet in our Solar System and Vice-Versa. Satellite dynamics on the Laplace surface. What do stars tell us about planets? Asteroseismology of exoplanet-host   stars. A Jupiter-like Planet Orbiting the Nearby M Dwarf GJ832. Tentative Detection of the Rotation of Eris. Atmospheric composition and structure of HD209458b. New composite models of partially ionized protoplanetary disks. Radio observations of Jupiter-family comets. Exoplanet characterization with long slit spectroscopy. On The Origins Of Eccentric Close-in Planets. Nulling interferometry: performance comparison between space and   ground-based sites for exozodiacal disc detection. Constraints from deuterium on the formation of icy bodies in the Jovian   system and beyond. Common Proper Motion Companions to Nearby Stars: Ages and Evolution. A dynamical perspective on additional planets in 55 Cancri. Predicting Photometric and Spectroscopic Signatures of Rings around   Transiting Extrasolar Planets. Hydro-Gravitational-Dynamics of Planets and Dark Energy. The Kuiper Belt and Other Debris Disks. Microlensing Zone of Planets Detectable through the Channel of   High-Magnification Events. The Rise of the Vulcans. The role of jets in the formation of planets, stars, and galaxies. Radio emission from exoplanets: the role of the stellar coronal density   and magnetic field strength. Core Formation in Giant Gaseous Protoplanets. Tidal Heating of Terrestrial Extra-Solar Planets and Implications for   their Habitability. The Evolution of L and T Dwarfs in Color-Magnitude Diagrams. TW Hydrae: evidence of stellar spots instead of a Hot Jupiter. Quasi-Hilda Comet 147P/Kushida-Muramatsu: Another long temporary   satellite capture by Jupiter. Measuring accurate transit parameters. Estimating stellar rotation from starspot detection during planetary   transits. Limits of Binaries That Can Be Characterized by Gravitational   Microlensing. Transiting Exoplanets with JWST. Ranges of Atmospheric Mass and Composition of Super Earth Exoplanets. Coreless Terrestrial Exoplanets. The Atmospheric Signatures of Super-Earths: How to Distinguish Between   Hydrogen-Rich and Hydrogen-Poor Atmospheres. Constraining Orbital Parameters Through Planetary Transit Monitoring. Planetary systems around close binary stars: the case of the very dusty,   Sun-like, spectroscopic binary BD+20 307. Planetary Bow Shocks. Extremely high precision VLBI astrometry of PSR J0437-4715 and   implications for theories of gravity. Magnetic Fields In Astrophysical Objects. Gas disks to gas giants: Simulating the birth of planetary systems. Constraining the cosmological constant and the DGP gravity with the   double pulsar PSR J0737-3039. Emergent Exoplanet Flux: Review of the Spitzer Results. On the equilibrium rotation of Earth-like extra-solar planets. On the nature of the intermittent pulsar PSR B1931+24. Towards A Census of Earth-mass Exo-planets with Gravitational   Microlensing. Inferring statistics of planet populations by means of automated   microlensing searches. Theoretical Formulation of the Origin of Cataclysmic Late Heavy   Bombardment Era based on the New Perspective of Birth & Evolution of Solar   Systems. The Implications of the Early Formation of Life on Earth. Tidal dissipation in binary systems. TEST - The Tautenburg Exoplanet Search Telescope. Searching for the secondary eclipse of CoRoT-Exo-2b and its transit   timing variations. Characterizing Long-Period Transiting Planets Observed by Kepler. A Search for Exotrojans in Transiting Exoplanetary systems. Radiative Hydrodynamical Studies of Irradiated Atmospheres. Disk Truncation and Planet Formation in gamma Cephei. On the Difference in Statistical Behavior Between Astrometric and   Radial-Velocity Planet Detections. Theoretical Radii of Extrasolar Giant Planets: the Cases of TrES-4,   XO-3b, and HAT-P-1b. A Massive Core in Jupiter Predicted From First-Principles Simulations. Extrasolar Planet Eccentricities from Scattering in the Presence of   Residual Gas Disks. Summary of the DUNE Mission Concept. Deep L' and M-band Imaging for Planets Around Vega and epsilon Eridani. The Distribution of Basaltic Asteroids in the Main Belt. UTM, a universal simulator for lightcurves of transiting systems. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission IV: CoRoT-Exo-4b: A   transiting planet in a 9.2 day synchronous orbit. The Dark UNiverse Explorer (DUNE): Proposal to ESA's Cosmic Vision. Radio-Loud QSOs and Sub-Millimeter Galaxies: Space Distributions. Transiting exoplanets from the CoRoT space mission V. CoRoT-Exo-4b:   Stellar and planetary parameters. New M dwarf debris disk candidates in NGC 2547. Spectrum and atmosphere models of irradiated transiting extrasolar giant   planets. Extrasolar Giant Planets and X-ray Activity. Imaging reconstruction for infrared interferometry: first images of YSOs   environment. Prospects for near-infrared characterisation of hot Jupiters with VSI. Planetary Migration in Resonance, the question of the Eccentricities :   Les Houches contribution. The NASA EPOXI mission of opportunity to gather ultraprecise photometry   of known transiting exoplanets. Preliminary Results on HAT-P-4, TrES-3, XO-2, and GJ 436 from the NASA   EPOXI Mission. Prospects of long-time-series observations from Dome C for transit   search. Getting More For Your Money: Identifying and Confirming Long-Period   Planets with Kepler. Wavefront error correction and Earth-like planet detection by   Self-Coherent Camera in space. Transits and secondary eclipses of HD 189733 with Spitzer. Confirmation of a gapped primordial disk around LkCa 15. The Very Low Albedo of an Extrasolar Planet: MOST Spacebased Photometry   of HD 209458. A Spitzer Study of Debris Disks In The Young Nearby Cluster NGC 2232:   Icy Planets Are Common Around ~ 1.5--3 Solar-Mass Stars. Astrometric Detection of exo-Earths in the Presence of Stellar Noise. Towards the Albedo of an Exoplanet: MOST Satellite Observations of   Bright Transiting Exoplanetary Systems. Theory and laboratory tests of the multi-stage phase mask coronagraph. Evaporation of extrasolar planets. Cloudy Atmosphere of the Extra-solar Planet HD189733b : A Possible   Explanation of the Detected B-band Polarization. Accretion and destruction of planetesimals in turbulent disks. Overview of the SIM PlanetQuest Light (SIM-Lite) mission concept. Reflected light from 3D exoplanetary atmospheres and simulation of HD   209458b. Determination of stellar, orbital and planetary parameters using   complete Monte-Carlo analysis -- the case of HAT-P-7b. Toward detection of terrestrial planets in the habitable zone of our   closest neighbor: Proxima Centauri. Motion of dust in mean-motion resonances with planets. Investigating thermal evolution of the self-gravitating one dimensional   molecular cloud by smoothed particle hydrodynamics. A Precise Estimate of the Radius of HD 149026b. The MEarth project: searching for transiting habitable super-Earths   around nearby M-dwarfs. Variations on Debris Disks: Icy Planet Formation at 30-150 AU for 1-3   Solar Mass Main Sequence Stars. Dynamics of small bodies in planetary systems. The Broadband Infrared Emission Spectrum of the Exoplanet HD 189733b. Stable chaos in the 55Cnc exoplanetary system?. Induced Kozai Migration and Formation of Close-in Planets in Binaries. True solar analogues in the open cluster M67. VSI: the VLTI spectro-imager. The Impact of Transiting Planet Science on the Next Generation of   Direct-Imaging Planet Searches. Searching for transit timing variations in transiting exoplanet systems. Organic Matter in Space - an Overview. Defining planets by a generating function. End to End Simulation of AO-assisted coronagraphic differential imaging:   estimation of performance for SPHERE. Prototyping coronagraphs for exoplanet characterization with SPHERE. Tides and the Evolution of Planetary Habitability. Type II Migration: Varying Planet Mass and Disc Viscosity. Collisional and Thermal Emission Models of Debris Disks: Towards   Planetesimal Population Properties. Identifying Transiting Circumbinary Planets. Measurements of Stellar Properties through Asteroseismology: A Tool for   Planet Transit Studies. SuperLupus: A Deep, Long Duration Transit Survey. A comprehensive examination of the Eps Eri system -- Verification of a 4   micron narrow-band high-contrast imaging approach for planet searches. Planetary Companions to Evolved Intermediate-Mass Stars: 14 Andromedae,   81 Ceti, 6 Lyncis, and HD 167042. A time-dependent radiative model for the atmosphere of the eccentric   transiting planets. Predicting the Yields of Photometric Surveys for Transiting Planets. The case for a close-in perturber to GJ 436 b. Solar twins in M67. Transit Detection of Radial Velocity Planets. Pushing the precision limit of ground-based eclipse photometry. The NStED Stellar and Exoplanet Hosting Star Service. Exoplanet Mapping Revealed. Predicting the Yields of Photometric Surveys for Transiting Extrasolar   Planets. The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets. XIII. A planetary   system with 3 Super-Earths (4.2, 6.9, & 9.2 Earth masses). Optimal strategies of radial velocity observations in planet search   surveys. Comparing the performance of stellar variability filters for the   detection of planetary transits. Prospects for the habitability of OGLE-2006-BLG-109L. What to Expect from Transiting Multiplanet Systems. Toward a homogeneous set of transiting planet parameters. Planet Migration and Disk Destruction due to Magneto-Centrifugal Stellar   Winds. Migration and growth of giant planets in self-gravitating disks with   varied thermodynamics. The Spin-Orbit Alignment of the HD17156 Transiting Eccentric Planetary   System. Planetesimal Accretion in Binary Systems: The Effects of Gas Dissipation. Stardust findings favor not only the planetary origin of comets but the   underlying close-binary cosmogony of the Solar system as well. Observational Consequences of the Recently Proposed Super-Earth Orbiting   GJ436. The NStED Exoplanet Transit Survey Service. Current-driven instabilities in weakly ionized disks. Limits to the planet candidate GJ 436c. Dark Matter in the Solar System. Restarting engine in an X-shaped radio galaxy. SSPMJ1102-3431 brown dwarf characterization from accurate proper motion   and trigonometric parallax. Detection of period variations in extrasolar transiting planet   OGLE-TR-111b. Migration of Protoplanets in Radiative Disks. Near Infrared Monitoring of Ultracool Dwarfs: Prospects for Searching   for Transiting Companions. Orbital Dynamics Of A Possible Second Planet In HD 17156. Precise Wavefront Correction with an Unbalanced Nulling Interferometer   for Exo-Planet Imaging Coronagraphs. Magnetic fields in star-forming galaxies at high and low redshift. Differential rotation in giant planets maintained by density-stratified   turbulent convection. Evolution of Migrating Planets Undergoing Gas Accretion. Measurement of the Spin-Orbit Angle of Exoplanet HAT-P-1b. Formation and accretion history of terrestrial planets from runaway   growth through to late time: implications for orbital eccentricity. A view of the sub-mJy populations, modelling and perspectives for future   deep surveys. Assembling the Building Blocks of Giant Planets around Intermediate Mass   Stars. SPH simulations of grain growth in protoplanetary disks. A Hubble Space Telescope transit light curve for GJ436b. Ab initio Equation of State data for hydrogen, helium, and water and the   internal structure of Jupiter. Origins of Eccentric Extrasolar Planets: Testing the Planet-Planet   Scattering Model. Planet formation in Alpha Centauri A revisited: not so   accretion-friendly after all. Misaligned spin-orbit in the XO-3 planetary system?. Periastron Precession Measurements in Transiting Extrasolar Planetary   Systems at the Level of General Relativity. Observability of the General Relativistic Precession of Periastra in   Exoplanets. Gravitational lens surveys with LOFAR. The Role of Solar Neutrinos in the Jupiter. The Warped Plane of the Classical Kuiper Belt. Predicting low-frequency radio fluxes of known extrasolar planets. HD 179949b: A Close Orbiting Extrasolar Giant Planet with a   stratosphere?. Toward a Deterministic Model of Planetary Formation V. Accumulation Near   the Ice Line. On the Eccentricity Distribution of Exoplanets from Radial Velocity   Surveys. A Low-Mass Planet with a Possible Sub-Stellar-Mass Host in Microlensing   Event MOA-2007-BLG-192. Spectroscopic parameters for 451 stars in the HARPS GTO planet search   program. Stellar [Fe/H] and the frequency of exo-Neptunes. ELODIE metallicity-biased search for transiting Hot Jupiters V. An   intermediate-period Jovian planet orbiting HD45652. Solar system constraints on the Dvali-Gabadadze-Porrati braneworld   theory of gravity. Possibility of Detecting Moons of Pulsar Planets Through Time-of-Arrival   Analysis. Basic Mechanics of Planet-Satellite Interaction with special reference   to Earth-Moon System. Spectroscopic metallicities of Vega-like stars. The nature of gamma ray blazar candidate PMN J1326-5256. A Region Void of Irregular Satellites Around Jupiter. Baroclinic Generation of Potential Vorticity in an Embedded Planet-Disk   System. The Evolution of Circumstellar Disks in Ophiuchus Binaries. Spectro-astrometric imaging of molecular gas within protoplanetary disk   gaps. The Molecular Hydrogen Explorer H2EX. Hot Jupiters and stellar magnetic activity. XO-4b: An Extrasolar Planet Transiting an F5V Star. Microlensing Detections of Moons of Exoplanets. Stellar Parameters and Elemental Abundances of Late-G Giants. WASP-7: The brightest transiting-exoplanet system in the Southern   hemisphere. Thermal Emission of Exoplanet XO-1b. XO-5b: A Transiting Jupiter-sized Planet With A Four Day Period. The birth and death of organic molecules in protoplanetary disks. Infall of planetesimals onto growing giant planets: onset of runaway gas   accretion and metallicity of their gas envelopes. Dynamical Outcomes of Planet-Planet Scattering. The web-PLOP observation prioritisation system. Precision Astrometry with Adaptive Optics. CN-Cycle Solar Neutrinos and Sun's Primordial Core Metalicity. On the long-term tidal evolution of GJ 436b in the presence of a   resonant companion. DARWIN - A Mission to Detect, and Search for Life on, Extrasolar Planets. Dynamical Origin of Extrasolar Planet Eccentricity Distribution. Spitzer IRAC Observations of White Dwarfs. II. Massive Planetary and   Cold Brown Dwarf Companions to Young and Old Degenerates. High magnification events by MOA in 2007. Turbulence in Extrasolar Planetary Systems Implies that Mean Motion   Resonances are Rare. A secular theory of coplanar, non-resonant planetary system. Planet Formation in Binary Stars: The case of Gamma Cephei. Submillimetre point sources from the Archeops experiment: Very Cold   Clumps in the Galactic Plane. An Algorithm For Photometric Identification Of Transiting Circumbinary   Planets. A Characteristic Planetary Feature in Double-Peaked, High-Magnification   Microlensing Events. Synthetic Spectra and Colors of Young Giant Planet Atmospheres: Effects   of Initial Conditions and Atmospheric Metallicity. Ground-based detection of sodium in the transmission spectrum of   exoplanet HD209458b. Improved parameters for the transiting planet HD 17156b: a high-density   giant planet with a very eccentric orbit. Nonuniform viscosity in the solar nebula and large masses of Jupiter and   Saturn. Rayleigh scattering by H2 in the extrasolar planet HD209458b. Optical Albedo Theory of Strongly-Irradiated Giant Planets: The Case of   HD 209458b. Disk Dispersal and Planet Formation Time Scales. Planetary Systems in Binaries. I. Dynamical Classification. The Relativistic Factor in the Orbital Dynamics of Point Masses. HD 75289Ab revisited - Searching for starlight reflected from a hot   Jupiter. The nature of mid-infrared excesses from hot dust around Sun-like stars. On disc protoplanet interactions in a non-barotropic disc with thermal   diffusion. The Successful Prediction of the Extrasolar Planet HD 74156 d. The Transit Light Curve Project. IX. Evidence for a Smaller Radius of   the Exoplanet XO-3b. High-resolution radio observations of nuclear and circumnuclear   starbursts in Luminous Infrared Galaxies. Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics in Thermal Phases of a One Dimensional   Molecular Cloud. String Cosmology. Remote quantum states in curved spacetime. AIC, BIC, Bayesian evidence against the interacting dark energy model. Dark Matter, Mass Scales Sequence, and Superstructure in the Universe   (with extension). Modifying gravity with the Aether: an alternative to Dark Matter. The Vector-Tensor nature of Bekenstein's relativistic theory of Modified   Gravity. Data Tables for Lorentz and CPT Violation. A new diagrammatic representation for correlation functions in the in-in   formalism. A model-independent test of spatial variations of the Newtonian   gravitational constant in some extrasolar planetary systems. Post-1-Newtonian equations of motion for systems of arbitrarily   structured bodies. What will Gaia tell us about the Galactic disk?. No large-angle correlations on the non-Galactic microwave sky. Some Properties of the Random Universe. Radial distance on a stationary frame in a homogeneous and isotropic   universe. Cosmological Acceleration from Virtual Gravitons. Gravitational and Anti-gravitational Applications. Challenging the generalized second law. The Concordance Model - a Heuristic Approach from a Stationary Universe. Eddington-Born-Infeld action for dark energy and dark matter. A new approach to the Sachs-Wolfe effect. Sachs-Wolfe effect in some anisotropic models. On chirality of the vorticity of the Universe. The challenge to reliably measure the general relativistic   Lense-Thirring effect with a few percent accuracy. Analytic calculations of the spectra of ultra-high energy cosmic ray   nuclei. I. The case of CMB radiation. On the Quantum Resolution of Cosmological Singularities using AdS/CFT. Likelihood Analysis of CMB Temperature and Polarization Power Spectra. Critical Test of the Self-Similar Cosmological Paradigm: Anomalously Few   Planets Orbiting Low-Mass Red Dwarf Stars. Cosmic flow from 2MASS redshift survey: The origin of CMB dipole and   implications for LCDM cosmology. The Cosmos in Your Pocket: How Cosmological Science Became Earth   Technology. I. Modified Gravity: Cosmology without dark matter or Einstein's   cosmological constant. The Ligo-Ligo cross correlation for the detection of relic scalar   gravitational waves. Dark matter from "strong gravity" - consistent with CRESST, CoGeNT and   DAMA/LIBRA. Fluctuations of the luminosity distance. No evidence for the cold spot in the NVSS radio survey. New constraints on H_0 and Omega_M from SZE/X-RAY data and Baryon   Acoustic Oscillations. Quasinormal behavior of massless scalar field perturbation in   Reissner-Nordstrom anti-de Sitter spacetimes. Enabling Next Generation Dark Energy and Epoch of Reionization Radio   Observatories with the MOFF Correlator. The bending of light and lensing in modified gravity. Mass Distribution, Rotation Curves and Gravity Theories. Quantum phase shift and neutrino oscillations in a stationary, weak   gravitational field. Advanced localization of massive black hole coalescences with LISA. Astrophysical Sources of Stochastic Gravitational-Wave Background. Can inhomogeneities solve the horizon problem ?. Helium abundance in galaxy clusters and Sunyaev-Zeldovich effect. Gravitational wave background as a probe of the primordial black hole   abundance. A Complexity-Brightness Correlation in Gamma Ray Bursts. Hubble's Cosmology: From a Finite Expanding Universe to a Static Endless   Universe. Black Holes and Gravitational Properties of Antimatter. Entropy Fluctuations in Brane Inflation Models. Perfect fluid and scalar field in the Reissner-Nordstrom metric. Dark matter halo concentrations in the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy   Probe year 5 cosmology. iCosmo: an Interactive Cosmology Package. Galaxy rotation curves: the effect of j x B force. Geometro-thermodynamics of tidal charged black holes. Rapidly-Varying Speed of Sound, Scale Invariance and Non-Gaussian   Signatures. Halo Spacetime. The Afterglows of Swift-era Gamma-Ray Bursts II.: Type I GRB versus Type   II GRB Optical Afterglows. Duality Cascade in Brane Inflation. Physical space and cosmology. I: Model. Structure Formation independent of Cold Dark Matter. Understanding the WMAP Cold Spot mystery. The Einstein Cross: constraint on dark matter from stellar dynamics and   gravitational lensing. IC10~X-1/NGC300~X-1: the very immediate progenitors of BH-BH binaries. Contradiction between strong lensing statistics and a feedback solution   to the cusp/core problem. Lensed CMB simulation and parameter estimation.  Λ  effect in the cosmological expansion of voids. A Survey of Local Group Galaxies Currently Forming Stars: II. UBVRI   Photometry of Stars in Seven Dwarfs and a Comparison of the Entire Sample. Testing Inflation: A Bootstrap Approach. Photon and Graviton Mass Limits. Lyman-alpha Emitters and Lyman-break Galaxies at z=3-6 in Cosmological   SPH Simulations. Cross-Correlation between Damped Ly-alpha Systems and Ly-break Galaxies   in Cosmological SPH Simulations. Inflationary Cosmology as a Probe of Primordial Quantum Mechanics. Cosmic acceleration from second order gauge gravity. The Spine of the Cosmic Web. On the distribution of stellar masses in gamma-ray burst host galaxies. Gravitational self force on a particle in circular orbit around a   Schwarzschild black hole. Intrinsic alignment-lensing interference as a contaminant of cosmic   shear. The Coyote Universe I: Precision Determination of the Nonlinear Matter   Power Spectrum. Constraining the relative inclinations of the planets B and C of the   millisecond pulsar PSR B1257+12. Characterization of the Lovelock gravity by Bianchi derivative. Trispectrum versus Bispectrum in Single-Field Inflation. Two 3-Branes in Randall-Sundrum Setup and Current Acceleration of the   Universe. Bounded excursion stable gravastars and black holes. The hierarchy problem, radion mass, localization of gravity and 4D   effective Newtonian potential in string theory on  S^{1}/Z_{2} . Brane cosmology in the Horava-Witten heterotic M-Theory on  S^{1}/Z_{2} . Self calibration of gravitational shear-galaxy intrinsic ellipticity   correlation in weak lensing surveys. Phenomenological covariant approach to gravity. On Modified Dispersion Relations and the Chandrasekhar Mass Limit. Tidal Dynamics in Cosmological Spacetimes. The physics of the relativistic counter-streaming instability that   drives mass inflation inside black holes. Exponential Metric Fields. A Survey of Metal Lines at High-redshift (II) : SDSS Absorption Line   Studies - OVI line density, space density and gas metallicity at z_abs ~ 3.0. f(R) Theories Of Gravity. Near-infrared bulge-disc correlations of lenticular galaxies. Improved calculation of relic gravitational waves. From model dynamics to oscillating dark energy parameterisation. Discovering Ultra High Energy Neutrinos by Horizontal and Upward tau   Air-Showers: Evidences in Terrestrial Gamma Flashes?. On the radiative efficiencies, Eddington ratios, and duty cycles of   luminous high-redshift quasars. Neutrino Dark Energy With More Than One Neutrino Species. Lookup tables to compute high energy cosmic ray induced atmospheric   ionization and changes in atmospheric chemistry. Statistical properties of SZ and X-ray cluster detections. Bayesian analysis of the backreaction models. Cosmology and the Noncommutative approach to the Standard Model. Geometrical Diagnostics for Generalized Chaplygin Gas. Rotation of the swing plane of Foucault's pendulum and Thomas spin   precession: Two faces of one coin. Does the Cosmos have two times? Multi-time and cosmic acceleration. CMB Anisotropies and Inflation from Non-Standard Spinors. Canny Algorithm, Cosmic Strings and the Cosmic Microwave Background. Axion Cosmology and the Energy Scale of Inflation. Elko as self-interacting fermionic dark matter with axis of locality. Black Holes in Einstein-Aether Theory. Approximate  w_φ\simΩ_φ  Relations in Quintessence Models. Cosmic Strings as the Source of Small-Scale Microwave Background   Anisotropy. Floquet analysis of disk instabilities and superhumps in Cataclysmic   Variables. Extremely Red Objects in a hierarchical universe. The Relative Motion of Membranes. On the impact of the atmospheric drag on the LARES mission. Estimating the Redshift Distribution of Photometric Galaxy Samples II.   Applications and Tests of a New Method. A Semi-relativistic Model for Tidal Interactions in BH-NS Coalescing   Binaries. Hadrons As Kerr-Newman Black Holes. Fractal distributions of dark matter and gas in the MareNostrum Universe. Understanding the origin of CMB constraints on Dark Energy. Dynamics of a self-gravitating neutron source. Discovering Relic Gravitational Waves in Cosmic Microwave Background   Radiation. Monopole annihilation in cosmic necklaces. Accelerated expansion of a universe containing a self-interacting   Bose-Einstein gas. Kerr Geodesics, the Penrose Process and Jet Collimation by a Black Hole. Fomin's conception of quantum cosmogenesis. Light Propagation and Large-Scale Inhomogeneities. Gravity between Internally Electrodynamic Particles. One-loop corrections to the curvature perturbation from inflation. One-loop corrections to a scalar field during inflation. Theoretical Basis for a Solution to the Cosmic Coincidence Problem. Hydrodynamical N-body simulations of coupled dark energy cosmologies. Modified scalar and tensor spectra in spinor driven inflation. Infall Regions and Scaling Relations of X-ray Selected Groups. The Faulty Assumptions of the Expanding-Universe Model vs. the Simple   and Consistent Principles of a Flat-Universe Model -- with Moving Pisa Tower   Experiment which Tests General Relativity. Bimetric varying speed of light theories and primordial fluctuations. On the Issue of the ζSeries Convergence and Loop Corrections in the   Generation of Observable Primordial Non-Gaussianity in Slow-Roll Inflation.   Part II: the Trispectrum. Phantom dark energy and cosmological solutions without the Big Bang   singularity. Juno, the angular momentum of Jupiter and the Lense-Thirring effect. More on Lensing by a Cosmological Constant. The pattern of growth in viable f(R) cosmologies. Perturbative approach for mass varying neutrinos coupled to the dark   sector in the generalized Chaplygin gas scenario. Orbital effects of Sun's mass loss and the Earth's fate. Casimir Energy of 5D Warped System and Sphere Lattice Regularization. Observing Brane Inflation. Classical and relativistic orbital motions around a mass-varying body. Solar system tests do not rule out 1/R gravity. Black Holes in Bulk Viscous Cosmology. On spatial volume averaging in Lemaître--Tolman--Bondi dust models.   Part I: back reaction, spacial curvature and binding energy. The radiative transfer at second order: a full treatment of the   Boltzmann equation with polarization. New Primordial-Magnetic-Field Limit from The Latest LIGO S5 data. Is dark energy from cosmic Hawking radiation?. Using CMBR analysis tools for flow anisotropies in relativistic   heavy-ion collisions. "Finite" Non-Gaussianities and Tensor-Scalar Ratio in Large Volume   Swiss-Cheese Compactifications. Multi-Scale Morphological Analysis of SDSS DR5 Survey using the Metric   Space Technique. Gamma-ray Burst UV/optical afterglow polarimetry as a probe of Quantum   Gravity. Non-Gaussian Signatures from the Postinflationary Early Universe. Spherical Solutions in Einstein-Aether Theory: Static Aether and Stars. Neutron stars in Einstein-aether theory. The radiative transfer for polarized radiation at second order in   cosmological perturbations. Statistical properties of the Burgers equation with Brownian initial   velocity. Investigating dark energy experiments with principal components. Next to Leading Order Spin(1)Spin(1) Effects in the Motion of   Inspiralling Compact Binaries. All-sky search for periodic gravitational waves in LIGO S4 data. Accurate universal models for the mass accretion histories and   concentrations of dark matter halos. The galileon as a local modification of gravity. On Dyson-Schwinger equations and the number of fermion families. Energy-momentum diffusion from spacetime discreteness. Phantom without phantom or how the PT symmetry saves us from the Big Rip. Influence of Dark Matter on Light Propagation in Solar System. Manifestly Gauge-Invariant General Relativistic Perturbation Theory: I.   Foundations. On lensing by a cosmological constant. Primordial matter density contrast and the size of the very early   universe in the Quantum Big Bang theory of the cosmological constant. Inverse Temperature 4-vector in Special Relativity. Thermal axion constraints in non-standard thermal histories. Improved optical mass tracer for galaxy clusters calibrated using weak   lensing measurements. Cosmology from very high energy  γ -rays. Bayesian reconstruction of the cosmological large-scale structure:   methodology, inverse algorithms and numerical optimization. The Role of Type Ia Supernovae in Chemical Evolution I: Lifetime of Type   Ia Supernovae and Galactic Supernova Rates. Cosmological constraints from 21cm surveys after reionization. Five-Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP) Observations:   Bayesian Estimation of CMB Polarization Maps. Recoil velocity at 2PN order for spinning black hole binaries. An extension of the cosmological standard model with a bounded Hubble   expansion rate. Cosmological Systematics Beyond Nuisance Parameters : Form Filling   Functions. The formation of the first galaxies and the transition to low-mass star   formation. Two populations of metal-free stars in the early Universe. The First Supernova Explosions: Energetics, Feedback, and Chemical   Enrichment. Towards the First Galaxies. The First Galaxies: Assembly, Cooling and the Onset of Turbulence. Primordial black holes and the observed Galactic 511 keV line. Halo Occupation Distribution Modeling of Clustering of Luminous Red   Galaxies. Dark Matter Gravitational Clustering With a Long-Range Scalar   Interaction. Braneworld dynamics in Einstein-Gauss-Bonnet gravity. Does dark matter consist of baryons of new stable family quarks?. Dark matter annihilation at cosmological redshifts: possible relic   signal from annihilation of weakly interacting massive particles. Schrodinger Picture of Quantum Gravitational Collapse. Constraints on the Size of Extra Dimensions from the Orbital Evolution   of the Black-Hole X-Ray Binary XTE J1118+480. Trapping of Nonlinear Gravitational Waves by Two-Fluid Systems. Information field theory for cosmological perturbation reconstruction   and non-linear signal analysis. 1-d gravity in infinite point distributions. An obstacle to populating the string theory landscape. Black Holes in Accelerated Universe. Cosmological Constraints from calibrated Yonetoku and Amati relation   implies Fundamental plane of Gamma-ray bursts. Neutrino Masses, Baryon Asymmetry, Dark Matter and the Moduli Problem :   A Complete Framework. Dark energy as a mirage. Constraints on modified gravity from the observed X-ray luminosity   function of galaxy clusters. Radiative Feedback in Relic HII Regions at High-Redshift. Gravito-Magnetism in one-body and two-body systems: Theory and   Experiments. Primordial black hole formation in the radiative era: investigation of   the critical nature of the collapse. Averaging Robertson-Walker Cosmologies. Attractor Solution in Coupled Yang-Mills Field Dark Energy Models. A Kinematical Approach to Conformal Cosmology. Hawking radiation as seen by an infalling observer. Gravitational Waves detection and spectroscopy with a Double-slit   Quantum Eraser. Graviton, ghost and instanton condensation on horizon scale of the   Universe. Dark energy as a macroscopic effect of quantum gravity. Galactic Halos Derived from LambdaCDM Cosmology Simulation and their   Red-Shift Evolution. Gauge coupling constant, compositeness and supersymmetry. Mach's principle: Exact frame-dragging via gravitomagnetism in perturbed   Friedmann-Robertson-Walker universes with  K = (\pm 1, 0) . Relativistic stars with a linear equation of state: analogy with   classical isothermal spheres and black holes. A k-essence Model Of Inflation, Dark Matter and Dark Energy. Reconstructing Cosmological Matter Perturbations using Standard Candles   and Rulers. Towards a warped inflationary brane scanning. A New Approach to Testing Dark Energy Models by Observations. Reconstructing the Cosmic Expansion History up to Redshift z=6.29 with   the Calibrated Gamma-Ray Bursts. First Cosmological Constraints on Dark Energy from the Radial Baryon   Acoustic Scale. Cosmology With Non-Minimally Coupled K-Field. Influence of global cosmological expansion on local dynamics and   kinematics. A step towards testing general relativity using weak gravitational   lensing and redshift surveys. Signature of short distance physics on inflation power spectrum and CMB   anisotropy. Constraints on dark energy from baryon acoustic peak and galaxy cluster   gas mass measurements. Constraints on dark energy models from radial baryon acoustic scale   measurements. Solving the Inverse Problem with Inhomogeneous Universes. The dynamics of satellite disruption in cold dark matter haloes. Influence of Population III stars on cosmic chemical evolution. Corrections to Hawking-like Radiation for a Friedmann-Robertson-Walker   Universe. Imprints of a Primordial Preferred Direction on the Microwave Background. Evolution of scalar perturbations in cosmology with quintessential dark   energy. Random versus holographic fluctuations of the background metric. I.   (Cosmological) running of space-time dimension. Exploring the magnetized cosmic web through low frequency radio emission. Relativistic versus Newtonian orbit model: the Relativistic Motion   Integrator (RMI) software. Illustration with the LISA mission. Double Binary Pulsar Test of Dynamical Chern-Simons Modified Gravity. Could Dark Matter Interactions be an Alternative to Dark Energy ?. Cosmological Inflation: Theory and Observations. Asymptotically FRW black holes. Emergence of a Cyclic Universe from the Hagedorn Soup. The cosmological BCS mechanism and the Big Bang Singularity. Halo mass function and scale-dependent bias from N-body simulations with   non-Gaussian initial conditions. Relaxing the Cosmological Constraints on Unparticle Dark Component. Generation of Vorticity and Velocity Dispersion by Orbit Crossing. Dependence of Interstellar Turbulent Pressure on Supernova Rate. Aetherizing Lambda: Barotropic Fluids as Dark Energy. Galaxy clusters discovered with a Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect survey. The 21cm Power Spectrum After Reionization. Modified Averaging Processes in Cosmology and the Structured FRW model. The CMBR ISW and HI 21-cm Cross-correlation Angular Power Spectrum. Forming a Large Disc Galaxy from a z<1 Major Merger. Quintessential Kination and Thermal Production of Gravitinos and Axinos. Lyman alpha Resonant Scattering in Young Galaxies - Predictions from   Cosmological Simulations. Wandering in the Background: A CMB Explorer. Lyman alpha Radiative Transfer in Cosmological Simulations using   Adaptive Mesh Refinement. Scale-dependent bias induced by local non-Gaussianity: A comparison to   N-body simulations. VINE -- A numerical code for simulating astrophysical systems using   particles I: Description of the physics and the numerical methods. Unknown selection effect simulates redshift periodicity in quasar number   counts from Sloan Digital Sky Survey. On Possible Light-Torsion Mixing in Background Magnetic Field. SDSSJ092712.65+294344.0: a candidate massive black hole binary. Rings of Dark Matter in Collisions Between Clusters of Galaxies. Cosmological tachyon condensation. Implications of primordial black holes on the first stars and the origin   of the super--massive black holes. Dynamic Behavior and Topological Structure of the Universe with Dark   Energy. Galactic vs. Extragalactic Origin of the Peculiar Transient SCP 06F6. Scenarios of cosmic string with variable cosmological constant. The cosmology dependence of weak lensing cluster counts. Quark-Novae, cosmic reionization, and early r-process element production. Extended Palatini action for general relativity and the natural   emergence of the cosmological constant. Bouncing Braneworld with Born-Infeld and Gauss-Bonnet. An implementation of radiative transfer in the cosmological simulation   code GADGET. Gravitational Wave Detection with Atom Interferometry. On the Lense-Thirring test with the Mars Global Surveyor in the   gravitational field of Mars. Exact Analysis of Scaling and Dominant Attractors Beyond the Exponential   Potential. Future Evolution of Bound Superclusters in an Accelerating Universe. Tidal Effects and the Environment Dependence of Halo Assembly. Statistical Analysis of future Neutrino Mass Experiments including   Neutrino-less Double Beta Decay. On super-massive objects without event horizon. Hybrid Chaplygin gas and phantom divide crossing. A Mathematical Theory of Stochastic Microlensing I. Random Time-Delay   Functions and Lensing Maps. On the common mass scale of the Milky Way satellites. The Ks-band Tully-Fisher Relation - A Determination of the Hubble   Parameter from 218 ScI Galaxies and 16 Galaxy Clusters. Handbook for the GREAT08 Challenge: An image analysis competition for   cosmological lensing. Subsampling needlet coefficients on the sphere. Cosmological perturbations. Primordial magnetic fields from second-order cosmological perturbations:   Tight coupling approximation. Cosmic Constraint on Ricci Dark Energy Model. Testing the predictions of the cold dark matter model for the sizes,   colours, morphologies and luminosities of galaxies with the SDSS. Evolution of Dark Matter Phase-Space Density Distributions in Equal-Mass   Halo Mergers. Kinetic theory for scalar fields with nonlocal quantum coherence. Relic density of neutrinos with primordial asymmetries. Ghost-Free Higher Derivative Quantum Gravity, the Hierarchy and the   Cosmological Constant Problems. The MOND limit from space-time scale invariance. Holographic Geometry and Noise in Matrix Theory. Ekpyrotic and Cyclic Cosmology. Inflationary trispectrum from graviton exchange. Quantum Coherence of Relic Neutrinos. Bright High z SnIa: A Challenge for LCDM?. Do non-relativistic neutrinos constitute the dark matter?. Modeling the cosmological co-evolution of supermassive black holes and   galaxies: II. The clustering of quasars and their dark environment. What is the entropy of the universe?. Cosmography with cluster strong lensing. A Map of the Integrated Sachs-Wolfe Signal from Luminous Red Galaxies. Is a step in the primordial spectral index favored by CMB data ?. The Adaptive TreePM: An Adaptive Resolution Code for Cosmological N-body   Simulations. Reaction of Accretion Disks to Abrupt Mass Loss During Binary Black Hole   Merger. Correlation loss and multipartite entanglement across a black hole   horizon. Uniformly Rotating Homogeneous and Polytropic Rings in Newtonian Gravity. Horizon Complementarity and Casimir Violations of the Null Energy   Condition. Clustering of Luminous Red Galaxies III: Detection of the Baryon   Acoustic Peak in the 3-point Correlation Function. Dark torsion as the cosmic speed-up. The Size Distribution of Void Filaments in a LCDM Cosmology. Non-isotropy in the CMB power spectrum in single field inflation. An MHD Gadget for cosmological simulations. Sociology of Modern Cosmology. Phantom expansion with non-linear Schrödinger-type formulation of   scalar field cosmology. Slow-Roll Inflation in the Presence of a Dark Energy Coupling. Closed timelike curves in asymmetrically warped brane universes. Suzaku measurement of Abell 2204's intracluster gas temperature profile   out to 1800 kpc. Inference for the dark energy equation of state using Type IA supernova   data. Watching Worlds Collide: Effects on the CMB from Cosmological Bubble   Collisions. The spin-flip phenomenon in supermassive black hole binary mergers. Constraining Isocurvature Initial Conditions with WMAP 3-year data. Statistical challenges in the analysis of Cosmic Microwave Background   radiation. Tidal evolution of disky dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way potential: the   formation of dwarf spheroidals. Dark energy, the electroweak vacua and collider phenomenology. A template bank for gravitational waveforms from coalescing binary black   holes: non-spinning binaries. Substructures in hydrodynamical cluster simulations. Relativity Revisited. Why do cosmological perturbations look classical to us?. Verifying black hole orbits with gravitational spectroscopy. Algebraic Classification of Numerical Spacetimes and Black-Hole-Binary   Remnants. The Cold Spot as a Large Void: Rees-Sciama effect on CMB Power Spectrum   and Bispectrum. High energy gamma-ray emission from Gamma-Ray Bursts -- before GLAST. Higgs mass determined by cosmological parameters. Einstein's Gravity Under Pressure. Statistical anisotropy of the curvature perturbation from vector field   perturbations. Relativistic simulations of the phase-transition-induced collapse of   neutron stars. Astrophysical Tests of Lorentz and CPT Violation with Photons. Absence of self-averaging and of homogeneity in the large scale galaxy   distribution. Precision calculations of the gravitational wave background spectrum   from inflation. The Impact of Feedback on Disk Galaxy Scaling Relations. On the Origin of Exponential Galaxy Disks. Phase-Space Evolution of Dark Matter Halos. Cosmic transparency: A test with the baryon acoustic feature and type Ia   supernovae. Systematic Distortion in Cosmic Microwave Background Maps. Non-Gaussianities from ekpyrotic collapse with multiple fields. Dark energy perturbations and cosmic coincidence. Phase Structure and Critical Behavior of Multi-Higgs U(1) Lattice Gauge   Theory in Three Dimensions. Time Evolution of Entropy in Gravitational Collapse. The Spectrum of Gravitational Radiation from Primordial Turbulence. The Cosmological Slingshot Scenario: Myths and Facts. Bifurcation and pattern changing with two real scalar fields. Theoretical Limits on the Equation-of-State Parameter of Phantom   Cosmology. Catastrophic Photo-z Errors and the Dark Energy Parameter Estimates with   Cosmic Shear. Effective growth of matter density fluctuations in the running LCDM and   LXCDM models. Dark Energy and Matter in 4 Dimensions From an Empty Kaluza-Klein   Spacetime. The rotating and accelerating Universe. The XMM Cluster Survey: Forecasting cosmological and cluster   scaling-relation parameter constraints. Non-Gaussianity in Island Cosmology. On The Dependence Structure of Wavelet Coefficients for Spherical Random   Fields. The fate of black branes in Einstein-Gauss-Bonnet gravity. Eötvös branes. LISA as a dark energy probe. Can we Detect Intermediate Mass Ratio Inspirals?. Avoiding the blue spectrum and the fine-tuning of initial conditions in   hybrid inflation. Asymptotics for spherical needlets. On the dynamics of a quadratic scalar field potential. Crossing of the phantom divide in modified gravity. Observing the clustering properties of galaxy clusters in dynamical   dark-energy cosmologies. Galaxy morphology in the LambdaCDM cosmology. Primordial Nucleosynthesis: from precision cosmology to fundamental   physics. The Dark Universe Riddle. Generation of Circular Polarization of the Cosmic Microwave Background. Variation of the subhalo abundance in dark matter halos. Braneworlds with timelike extra-dimension. The kinematic origin of the cosmological redshift. A Natural Framework for Chaotic Inflation. Searching for modified growth patterns with tomographic surveys. Where in the String Landscape is Quintessence. Acceleration and Special Relativity. Modified gravity and the origin of inertia. A possible anthropic solution to the Strong CP problem. Nonquantum Gravity. Gravitational Radiation Driven Supermassive Black Hole Binary Inspirals   as Periodically Variable Electromagnetic Sources. The impact of TP-AGB stars on hierarchical galaxy formation models. Evolution in the properties of Lyman-alpha emitters from redshifts z ~ 3   to z ~ 2. Biases on the cosmological parameters and thermal SZ residuals. Gravitational instanton and cosmological term. Mapping the Dark Matter From UV Light at High Redshift: An Empirical   Approach to Understand Galaxy Statistics. Spectral Energy Distribution of Radio Sources in Nearby Clusters of   Galaxies: Implications for Sunyaev-Zel'dovich Effect Surveys. Conformal Inflation, Modulated Reheating, and WMAP5. The Formation and Survival of Discs in a Lambda-CDM Universe. Halo Density Profiles Consistent with Asymmetric M-B Velocity   Distributions-Implications on Direct Dark Matter Searches. A Simplified Quantum Gravitational Model of Inflation. Preheating with Non-Standard Kinetic Term. A note on bigravity and dark matter. Eddington-Born-Infeld gravity and the large scale structure of the   Universe. Southern Cosmology Survey I: Optical Cluster Detections and Predictions   for the Southern Common-Area Millimeter-Wave Experiments. Fitting oscillating string gas cosmology to supernova data. Cosmic Parallax: possibility of detecting anisotropic expansion of the   universe by very accurate astrometry measurements. Spin Polarization Effects in Micro Black Hole Evaporation. Note on cosmology of dimensionally reduced gravitational Chern-Simons. Flat Universe with Hyperbolic Voids. Parity violation constraints using 2006-2007 QUaD CMB polarization   spectra. Gravitational waves from scattering of stellar-mass black holes in   galactic nuclei. Spin(1)Spin(2) Effects in the Motion of Inspiralling Compact Binaries at   Third Order in the Post-Newtonian Expansion. A new class of plane symmetric solution. Dark energy constraints and correlations with systematics from CFHTLS   weak lensing, SNLS supernovae Ia and WMAP5. Construction of cosmologically viable f(G) gravity models. Time-Dependent Corrections to the Ly-alpha Escape Probability During   Cosmological Hydrogen Recombination. Conservative evaluation of the uncertainty in the LAGEOS-LAGEOS II   Lense-Thirring test. Probing non-Riemannian spacetime geometry. Propagation equations for deformable test bodies with microstructure in   extended theories of gravity. Massive Black Hole Binary Inspirals: Results from the LISA Parameter   Estimation Taskforce. A Possible Late Time  Λ CDM-like Background Cosmology in   Relativistic MOND Theory. The Abell Cluster A586 and the Detection of the Equivalence Principle. String dynamics and ejection along the axis of a spinning black hole. Oscillations of Rapidly Rotating Superfluid Stars. Oscillations of rapidly rotating stratified neutron stars. Gravitational waves from resolvable massive black hole binary systems   and observations with Pulsar Timing Arrays. Influence of Generalized and Extended Uncertainty Principle on   Thermodynamics of FRW universe. Black hole quasinormal mode spectroscopy with LISA. The Clustering and Host Halos of Galaxy Mergers at High Redshift. Simulating Subhalos at High Redshift: Merger Rates, Counts, and Types. Discontinuities in Scalar Perturbations of Topological Black Holes. Cosmological Models and Latest Observational Data. Features of holographic dark energy under the combined cosmological   constraints. Cosmology With Many Light Scalar Fields: Stochastic Inflation and Loop   Corrections. Space-time dimensionality from brane collisions. CMB Beam Systematics: Impact on Lensing Parameter Estimation. Dynamics of interacting dark energy. Universality in oscillation modes of superfluid neutron stars?. Non-linear Evolution of f(R) Cosmologies III: Halo Statistics. Carter's constant revealed. Rotation of Linear Polarization Plane and Circular Polarization from   Cosmological Pseudoscalar Fields. Modeling gravitational recoil from precessing highly-spinning   unequal-mass black-hole binaries. Mapping the Dark Side with DEIMOS: Globular Clusters, X-ray Gas, and   Dark Matter in the NGC 1407 Group. Gravito-magnetic gyroscope precession in Palatini f(R) gravity. Photo-heating and supernova feedback amplify each other's effect on the   cosmic star formation rate. Strong lensing in the Einstein-Straus solution. Dynamics of viscous dissipative gravitational collapse: A full causal   approach. Possible way out of the Hawking paradox: Erasing the information at the   horizon. Special relativity may account for the spacecraft flyby anomalies. Intrinsic Ellipticity Correlation of SDSS Luminous Red Galaxies and   Misalignment with their Host Dark Matter Halos. Reconstruction of the isocurvaton scenario. CMBPol Mission Concept Study: Probing Inflation with CMB Polarization. Spinning down newborn neutron stars: nonlinear development of the r-mode   instability. Towards accurate modelling of the ISW effect, the non-linear   contribution. Constraining the Dark Energy Equation of State with Cosmic Voids. Cosmological Constraints on Unparticles as Continuous Mass Scalars. The Angular-Diameter-Distance-Maximum and Its Redshift as Constraints on    Λ\neq 0  FLRW Models. Huge entropy production inside black holes. Geodesic stability, Lyapunov exponents and quasinormal modes. Phase conversion in a weakly first-order quark-hadron transition. AdS/CFT aspects of the cosmological QCD phase transition. Gravitational-Wave Extraction from Neutron Star Oscillations: comparing   linear and nonlinear techniques. Can a matter-dominated model with constant bulk viscosity drive the   accelerated expansion of the universe?. Accelerating Universe from Modified Kasner Model in Extra Dimensions. Dynamical Dark Energy simulations: high accuracy Power Spectra at high   redshift. Inflation with a stringy minimal length, reworked. Can black holes be torn up by phantom dark energy in cyclic cosmology?. The Destruction of Thin Stellar Disks Via Cosmologically Common   Satellite Accretion Events. Pre-reionization Fossils, Ultra-faint Dwarfs and the Missing Galactic   Satellite Problem. Searching for non-Gaussianity in the WMAP data. Constraints on CDM cosmology from galaxy power spectrum, CMB and SNIa   evolution. Subhaloes in Scale-Free Cosmologies. Big rip avoidance via black holes production. Study of the Quasi-isotropic Solution near the Cosmological Singularity   in Presence of Bulk-Viscosity. The lessons from the running of the tensor-to-scalar ratio. The distribution of ejected subhalos and its implication for halo   assembly bias. Tidal Love numbers of neutron stars. Cosmological Evolution of a Tachyon-Quintom Model of Dark Energy. Lensed CMB temperature and polarization maps from the Millennium   Simulation. Equation-of-State Dependent Features in Shock-Oscillation Modulated   Neutrino and Gravitational-Wave Signals from Supernovae. Accelerated expansion by non-minimally coupled scalar fields. Prospects of inflation with perturbed throat geometry. Brane inflation revisited after WMAP five-year results. Remarks on generalized Gauss-Bonnet dark energy. Galaxy cluster X-ray luminosity scaling relations from a representative   local sample (REXCESS). Axions and the Strong CP Problem. Modeling Molecular Hydrogen and Star Formation in Cosmological   Simulations. Detection and extraction of signals from the epoch of reionization using   higher order one-point statistics. Gravitomagnetic effects in Kerr-de Sitter space-time. The growth of matter perturbations in f(R) models. How to De-Rotate the Cosmic Microwave Background Polarization. The Nature and Origin of Low-Redshift O VI Absorbers. Fundamental parameter-free solutions in Modified Gravity. Covariant Effective Action for Loop Quantum Cosmology from Order   Reduction. The Race Between Stars and Quasars in Reionizing Cosmic Hydrogen. Kolmogorov cosmic microwave background sky. Cosmological Perturbations in Models of Coupled Dark Energy. Can we ever distinguish between quintessence and a cosmological   constant?. Remote quantum states in curved spacetime. Radio-Continuum Emission From The Young Galactic Supernova Remnant   G1.9+0.3. Dark Matter, Mass Scales Sequence, and Superstructure in the Universe   (with extension). 2MTF I. The Tully-Fisher Relation in the 2MASS J, H and K Bands. Effect of Peculiar Motion in Weak Lensing. Modifying gravity with the Aether: an alternative to Dark Matter. What will Gaia tell us about the Galactic disk?. No large-angle correlations on the non-Galactic microwave sky. Hard X-Ray Spectrum from West Lobe of Radio Galaxy Fornax A Observed   with Suzaku. On a c(t)-Modified Friedman-Lemaitre-Robertson-Walker Universe. Radial distance on a stationary frame in a homogeneous and isotropic   universe. Revised dynamics or dark matter in galactic and extra galactic scales?. A note on space dimensionality constraints relied on Anthropic   arguments: methane structure and the origin of life. Galaxy Formation With Dark Matter and Dark Energy. Dynamics of dense star-gas systems: BHs and their precursors. A survey for redshifted molecular and atomic absorption lines - II.   Associated HI, OH and millimetre lines in the z >~ 3 Parkes quarter-Jansky   flat-spectrum sample. Unusually Large Fluctuations in the Statistics of Galaxy Formation at   High Redshift. Modified Gravity: Cosmology without dark matter or Einstein's   cosmological constant. Dark matter from "strong gravity" - consistent with CRESST, CoGeNT and   DAMA/LIBRA. Is Cold Dark Matter Baryonic? Alternative Opinion. New constraints on H_0 and Omega_M from SZE/X-RAY data and Baryon   Acoustic Oscillations. The bending of light and lensing in modified gravity. Mass Distribution, Rotation Curves and Gravity Theories. Rapid-Response Mode VLT/UVES spectroscopy of GRB060418: Conclusive   evidence for UV pumping from the time evolution of FeII and NiII excited- and   metastable-level populations. Helium abundance in galaxy clusters and Sunyaev-Zeldovich effect. Hubble's Cosmology: From a Finite Expanding Universe to a Static Endless   Universe. Black Holes and Gravitational Properties of Antimatter. Core-Collapse Astrophysics with a Five-Megaton Neutrino Detector. LSST: from Science Drivers to Reference Design and Anticipated Data   Products. Galaxy rotation curves: the effect of j x B force. Grand Unification II: Hot Accretion and AGN Jets. Structure Formation independent of Cold Dark Matter. The Einstein Cross: constraint on dark matter from stellar dynamics and   gravitational lensing. IC10~X-1/NGC300~X-1: the very immediate progenitors of BH-BH binaries. Late time observations of GRB080319B: jet break, host galaxy and   accompanying supernova. Complexes of stars and complexes of star clusters. Contradiction between strong lensing statistics and a feedback solution   to the cusp/core problem. A Survey of Local Group Galaxies Currently Forming Stars: II. UBVRI   Photometry of Stars in Seven Dwarfs and a Comparison of the Entire Sample. Core creation in galaxies and haloes via sinking massive objects. Double Compact Objects as Low-frequency Gravitational Wave Sources. Connecting GRBs and galaxies: the probability of chance coincidence. Lyman-alpha Emitters and Lyman-break Galaxies at z=3-6 in Cosmological   SPH Simulations. Vortex in axion condensate as a dark matter halo. Cross-Correlation between Damped Ly-alpha Systems and Ly-break Galaxies   in Cosmological SPH Simulations. On the distribution of stellar masses in gamma-ray burst host galaxies. Overdensity of i'-Dropout Galaxies in the Subaru Deep Field: A Candidate   Protocluster at z ~ 6. Intrinsic alignment-lensing interference as a contaminant of cosmic   shear. Rational Galaxy Structure and its Disturbance. The [O II] lambda 3727 Luminosity Function at z ~ 1. The Dependence of the Occupation of Galaxies on the Halo Formation Time. Superluminal problem in diffusion of relativistic particles and its   phenomenological solution. Slightly Non-Minimal Dark Matter in PAMELA and ATIC. Compact groups from the Millennium Simulations: I. Their Nature and the   completeness of the Hickson sample. Photometry and spectroscopy of GRB 060526: A detailed study of the   afterglow and host galaxy of a z=3.2 gamma-ray burst. The Afterglows of Swift-era Gamma-Ray Bursts. I. Comparing pre-Swift and   Swift era Long/Soft (Type II) GRB Optical Afterglows. Self calibration of gravitational shear-galaxy intrinsic ellipticity   correlation in weak lensing surveys. Phenomenological covariant approach to gravity. Exponential Metric Fields. Reliability of the detection of the Baryon Acoustic Peak. Near-infrared bulge-disc correlations of lenticular galaxies. Statistical properties of SZ and X-ray cluster detections. Hobby-Eberly Telescope Observations of the Dark Halo in NGC 821. WIMPonium and Boost Factors for Indirect Dark Matter Detection. Physical conditions in nearby active galaxies correlated with   ultra-high-energy cosmic rays detected by the Pierre Auger Observatory. Physical conditions in potential sources of ultra-high-energy cosmic   rays: Updated Hillas plot and radiation-loss constraints. Extremely Red Objects in a hierarchical universe. Massive, red galaxies in a hierarchical universe I. Counts of Extremely   Red Objects and basic properties. Simulations and Analytic Calculations of Bubble Growth During Hydrogen   Reionization. Estimating the Redshift Distribution of Photometric Galaxy Samples II.   Applications and Tests of a New Method. Atmospheric Consequences of Cosmic Ray Variability in the Extragalactic   Shock Model II: Revised ionization levels and their consequences. Nearby Spiral Galaxy Globular Cluster Systems II: Globular Cluster   Abundances in NGC 300. Light Propagation and Large-Scale Inhomogeneities. Upper Limits on the Masses of 105 Supermassive Black Holes from Hubble   Space Telescope/Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph Archival Data. Classical analysis of the rotational dynamic of spiral galaxies. Dynamical evolution of rotating dense stellar systems with embedded   black holes. Infall Regions and Scaling Relations of X-ray Selected Groups. Upper Limits on the VHE gamma-ray Emission from the Willman 1 Satellite   Galaxy with the MAGIC telescope. Multiband optical surface brightness profile decompositions of the   Seyfert galaxies Mrk 79 and NGC 5548. Characteristic Scales of Initial Density and Velocity Fields. Modell zur Entstehung eines Rings aus Dunkler Materie in der   Milchstraßenebene. The Disruption and Fueling of M33. Testing for Features in the Primordial Power Spectrum. Minimum mass of galaxies from BEC or scalar field dark matter. Multi-Scale Morphological Analysis of SDSS DR5 Survey using the Metric   Space Technique. Detection of IMBHs from microlensing in globular clusters. Anisotropic Locations of Satellite Galaxies: Clues to the Orientations   of Galaxies within their Dark Matter Halos. Stars and dark matter in the spiral gravitational lens 2237+0305. Properties of warm absorbers in active galaxies: a systematic stability   curve analysis. Molecular Superbubbles and Outflows from Starburst Galaxy NGC 2146. Galaxy evolution from strong lensing statistics: the differential   evolution of the velocity dispersion function in concord with the LambdaCDM   paradigm. Galaxy Mergers and Dark Matter Halo Mergers in LCDM: Mass, Redshift, and   Mass-Ratio Dependence. Improved optical mass tracer for galaxy clusters calibrated using weak   lensing measurements. Bayesian reconstruction of the cosmological large-scale structure:   methodology, inverse algorithms and numerical optimization. The Role of Type Ia Supernovae in Chemical Evolution I: Lifetime of Type   Ia Supernovae and Galactic Supernova Rates. Exploring the Star Formation History of Elliptical Galaxies: Beyond   Simple Stellar Populations with a New Estimator of Line Strengths. The formation of the first galaxies and the transition to low-mass star   formation. Towards the First Galaxies. The First Galaxies: Assembly, Cooling and the Onset of Turbulence. JKCS041: a colour-detected galaxy cluster at z_phot=1.9 with deep   potential well as confirmed by X-ray data. Primordial black holes and the observed Galactic 511 keV line. Halo Occupation Distribution Modeling of Clustering of Luminous Red   Galaxies. Reconstructing the history of structure formation using redshift   distortions. Are galaxies extending?. Is dark matter a BEC or scalar field?. The stellar content of the Hamburg/ESO survey. V. The metallicity   distribution function of the Galactic halo. Information field theory for cosmological perturbation reconstruction   and non-linear signal analysis. The mass function of young star clusters in spiral galaxies. Galactic secondary positron flux at the Earth. Three-Dimensional Simulations of Tidally Disrupted Solar-Type Stars and   the Observational Signatures of Shock Breakout. Combining Semi-analytic Models with Simulations of Galaxy Clusters: the   Need for Heating from Active Galactic Nuclei. Hydrodynamics of structure formation in the early Universe. Constraints on modified gravity from the observed X-ray luminosity   function of galaxy clusters. Microquasars: summary and outlook. Radiative Feedback in Relic HII Regions at High-Redshift. No observational constraints from hypothetical collisions of   hypothetical dark halo primordial black holes with galactic objects. Galactic Halos Derived from LambdaCDM Cosmology Simulation and their   Red-Shift Evolution. Constraints on large scale inhomogeneities from WMAP-5 and SDSS:   confrontation with recent observations. The DEEP2 Galaxy Redshift Survey: Environments of Poststarburst Galaxies   at z~0.1 and z~0.8. Alignments of Group Galaxies with Neighboring Groups. Results from the First Science Run of the ZEPLIN-III Dark Matter Search   Experiment. Near-IR Search for Lensed Supernovae Behind Galaxy Clusters - II. First   Detection and Future Prospects. First Cosmological Constraints on Dark Energy from the Radial Baryon   Acoustic Scale. A step towards testing general relativity using weak gravitational   lensing and redshift surveys. Can the WIMP annihilation boost factor be boosted by the Sommerfeld   enhancement?. Constraints on dark energy from baryon acoustic peak and galaxy cluster   gas mass measurements. Evidence for an intermediate line region in AGN's inner torus region and   its evolution from narrow to broad line Seyfert I galaxies. Exploring the magnetized cosmic web through low frequency radio emission. Late Gas accretion onto Primordial Minihalos: a Model for Leo T, Dark   Galaxies and Extragalactic High-Velocity Clouds. Is there a redshift cutoff for submillimetre galaxies?. The Lyman alpha morphology of local starburst galaxies: release of   calibrated images. Halo mass function and scale-dependent bias from N-body simulations with   non-Gaussian initial conditions. Continuum subtracting Lyman-alpha images: Low redshift studies using the   Solar Blind Channel of HST/ACS. Dependence of Interstellar Turbulent Pressure on Supernova Rate. Statistics of the gravitational force in various dimensions of space:   from Gaussian to Levy laws. Galaxy clusters discovered with a Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect survey. NOIRCAT - The Northern HIPASS Optical/IR Catalogue. Forming a Large Disc Galaxy from a z<1 Major Merger. Lyman alpha Resonant Scattering in Young Galaxies - Predictions from   Cosmological Simulations. Chandra measurements of non-thermal-like X-ray emission from massive,   merging, radio-halo clusters. Clustering of Luminous Red Galaxies IV: Baryon Acoustic Peak in the   Line-of-Sight Direction and a Direct Measurement of H(z). Lyman alpha Radiative Transfer in Cosmological Simulations using   Adaptive Mesh Refinement. Scale-dependent bias induced by local non-Gaussianity: A comparison to   N-body simulations. Reopening the window on charged dark matter. Dynamical Study of A1689 from Wide-Field VLT/VIMOS Spectroscopy: Mass   Profile, Concentration Parameter, and Velocity Anisotropy. VINE -- A numerical code for simulating astrophysical systems using   particles I: Description of the physics and the numerical methods. The Detailed Evolution of E+A Galaxies into Early Types. Recovering the intrinsic shape of early-type galaxies. SDSSJ092712.65+294344.0: a candidate massive black hole binary. Rings of Dark Matter in Collisions Between Clusters of Galaxies. A Line-Of-Sight Galaxy Cluster Collision: Simulated X-Ray Observations. Implications of primordial black holes on the first stars and the origin   of the super--massive black holes. The halo merger rate in the Millennium Simulation and implications for   observed galaxy merger fractions. Luminosity and surface brightness distribution of K-band galaxies from   the UKIDSS Large Area Survey. The Mass Function of Void Groups as a Probe of the Primordial   non-Gaussianity. Galaxy Zoo: Disentangling the Environmental Dependence of Morphology and   Colour. Galactic vs. Extragalactic Origin of the Peculiar Transient SCP 06F6. Cross-Correlation between UHECR Arrival Distribution and Large-Scale   Structure. A New Class of Luminous Transients and A First Census of Their Massive   Stellar Progenitors. The growth of supermassive black holes in pseudo-bulges, classical   bulges and elliptical galaxies. Suppressed radio emission in supercluster galaxies: enhanced ram   pressure in merging clusters?. The Evolution of the Stellar Mass Function of Galaxies from z=4.0 and   the First Comprehensive Analysis of its Uncertainties: Evidence for   Mass-dependent Evolution. New Limits on Sterile Neutrinos from Suzaku Observations of the Ursa   Minor Dwarf Spheroidal Galaxy. An implementation of radiative transfer in the cosmological simulation   code GADGET. Effect Of Galaxy Evolution On The Statistical Properties Of   Gravitational Lenses. A Chandra X-ray view of Stephan's Quintet: Shocks and Star-formation. Modeling The Star Forming Universe at z=2: Impact of Cold Accretion   Flows. Galaxy density profiles and shapes -- II. selection biases in strong   lensing surveys. Galaxy density profiles and shapes -- I. simulation pipeline for lensing   by realistic galaxy models. Monte Carlo Markov Chain Parameter Estimation in Semi-Analytic Models of   Galaxy Formation. On the common mass scale of the Milky Way satellites. Birkhoff's theorem fails to save MOND from non-local physics. The Ks-band Tully-Fisher Relation - A Determination of the Hubble   Parameter from 218 ScI Galaxies and 16 Galaxy Clusters. Handbook for the GREAT08 Challenge: An image analysis competition for   cosmological lensing. Covariance of cross-correlations: towards efficient measures for   large-scale structure. The Diversity and Similarity of Simulated Cold Dark Matter Halos. Diffusive shock acceleration in radiation dominated environments. The Horizon Run N-body Simulation: Baryon Acoustic Oscillations and   Topology of Large Scale Structure of the Universe. Sunyaev-Zel'dovich Effect Observations of the Bullet Cluster (1E   0657-56) with APEX-SZ. Testing the predictions of the cold dark matter model for the sizes,   colours, morphologies and luminosities of galaxies with the SDSS. Gamma-ray and Radio Constraints of High Positron Rate Dark Matter Models   Annihilating into New Light Particles. Connecting Galaxies, Halos, and Star Formation Rates Across Cosmic Time. The propagation of uncertainties in stellar population synthesis   modeling I: The relevance of uncertain aspects of stellar evolution and the   IMF to the derived physical properties of galaxies. A New Window of Exploration in the Mass Spectrum: Strong Lensing by   Galaxy Groups in the SL2S. Do non-relativistic neutrinos constitute the dark matter?. Star Formation in Disk Galaxies. I. Formation and Evolution of Giant   Molecular Clouds via Gravitational Instability and Cloud Collisions. Modeling the cosmological co-evolution of supermassive black holes and   galaxies: II. The clustering of quasars and their dark environment. Cosmography with cluster strong lensing. Inspiralling Supermassive Black Holes: A New Signpost for Galaxy Mergers. Alignment of galaxy spins in the vicinity of voids. A Map of the Integrated Sachs-Wolfe Signal from Luminous Red Galaxies. The Imperial IRAS-FSC Redshift Catalogue (IIFSCz). The Adaptive TreePM: An Adaptive Resolution Code for Cosmological N-body   Simulations. A New Channel for Detecting Dark Matter Substructure in Galaxies:   Gravitational Lens Time Delays. Migration of Star Clusters and Nuclear Rings. Gamma Rays from Clusters and Groups of Galaxies: Cosmic Rays versus Dark   Matter. Clustering of Luminous Red Galaxies III: Detection of the Baryon   Acoustic Peak in the 3-point Correlation Function. Evolution of Lyman Alpha Galaxies: Stellar Populations at z ~ 0.3. An MHD Gadget for cosmological simulations. Suzaku measurement of Abell 2204's intracluster gas temperature profile   out to 1800 kpc. The spin-flip phenomenon in supermassive black hole binary mergers. Constraining Isocurvature Initial Conditions with WMAP 3-year data. Storm fronts over galaxy discs: Models of how waves generate extraplanar   gas and its anomalous kinematics. keV Warm Dark Matter via the Supersymmetric Higgs Portal. Tidal evolution of disky dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way potential: the   formation of dwarf spheroidals. Substructures in hydrodynamical cluster simulations. Astrophysical gyrokinetics: kinetic and fluid turbulent cascades in   magnetized weakly collisional plasmas. Interactions of Galaxies in the Galaxy Cluster Environment. Magnetic fields and star formation in spiral galaxies. Ca II Triplet Spectroscopy of Small Magellanic Cloud Red Giants. I.   Abundances and Velocities for a Sample of Clusters. Hypercompact Stellar Systems Around Recoiling Supermassive Black Holes. Magnification Bias Corrections to Galaxy-Lensing Cross-Correlations. Relativistic simulations of the phase-transition-induced collapse of   neutron stars. Astrophysical Tests of Lorentz and CPT Violation with Photons. Probing Dark Energy at Galactic and Cluster Scales. Absence of self-averaging and of homogeneity in the large scale galaxy   distribution. The Impact of Feedback on Disk Galaxy Scaling Relations. On the Origin of Exponential Galaxy Disks. Relative clustering and the joint halo occupation distribution of   red-sequence and blue-cloud galaxies in COMBO-17. Sersiclets - A Matched Filter Extension of Shapelets for Weak Lensing   Studies. Galaxy star formation in different environments. Dry Mergers: A Crucial Test for Galaxy Formation. The Assembly of Supermassive Black Holes at High Redshifts. Catastrophic Photo-z Errors and the Dark Energy Parameter Estimates with   Cosmic Shear. The first two transient supersoft X-ray sources in M 31 globular   clusters and the connection to classical novae. Effective growth of matter density fluctuations in the running LCDM and   LXCDM models. The Influence of Concentration and Dynamical State on Scatter in the   Galaxy Cluster Mass-Temperature Relation. Feast and Famine: Regulation of Black Hole Growth in Low Redshift   Galaxies. The rotating and accelerating Universe. The XMM Cluster Survey: Forecasting cosmological and cluster   scaling-relation parameter constraints. Quantifying the fast outflow in the luminous Seyfert galaxy PG1211+143. Combining weak and strong cluster lensing: Applications to simulations   and MS 2137. Pairing of Supermassive Black Holes in unequal-mass galaxy mergers. LISA as a dark energy probe. AEGIS: The Nature of the Host Galaxies of Low-ionization Outflows at z <   0.6. Observing the clustering properties of galaxy clusters in dynamical   dark-energy cosmologies. Galaxy morphology in the LambdaCDM cosmology. What is the closest black hole to the Sun?. Dark Matter Caustics in Galaxy Clusters. Variation of the subhalo abundance in dark matter halos. Origin of structural and kinematical properties of the Small Magellanic   Cloud. The total mass and dark halo properties of the Small Magellanic Cloud. A New Method for measuring Weak Gravitational Lensing Shear using Higher   Order Spin-2 HOLICs. Balancing the Energy Budget between Star-Formation and AGN in High   Redshift Infrared Luminous Galaxies. Searching for modified growth patterns with tomographic surveys. A Necessary Condition for Individual Time-Steps in SPH Simulations. The luminosity and stellar mass Fundamental Plane of early-type galaxies. Gravitational Radiation Driven Supermassive Black Hole Binary Inspirals   as Periodically Variable Electromagnetic Sources. GRB 070714B - Discovery of the Highest Spectroscopically Confirmed Short   Burst Redshift. The origin of the diffuse non-thermal X-ray and radio emission in the   Ophiuchus cluster of galaxies. The impact of TP-AGB stars on hierarchical galaxy formation models. Modification of the 21-cm power spectrum by X-rays during the epoch of   reionisation. Proper motion of reference radio sources. Crash-testing the CAULDRON code for joint lensing and dynamics analysis   of early-type galaxies. Evolution in the properties of Lyman-alpha emitters from redshifts z ~ 3   to z ~ 2. Redistributing hot gas around galaxies: do cool clouds signal a solution   to the overcooling problem?. The Observations of Redshift Evolution in Large Scale Environments   (ORELSE) Survey : I. The Survey Design and First Results on Cl 0023+0423 at z   = 0.84 and RX J1821.6+6827 at z = 0.82. Mapping the Dark Matter From UV Light at High Redshift: An Empirical   Approach to Understand Galaxy Statistics. Spectral Energy Distribution of Radio Sources in Nearby Clusters of   Galaxies: Implications for Sunyaev-Zel'dovich Effect Surveys. The Formation and Survival of Discs in a Lambda-CDM Universe. The Origin and Kinematics of Cold Gas in Galactic Winds: Insight from   Numerical Simulations. The Accuracy of Supermassive Black Hole Masses Determined by the   Single-Epoch-Spectrum (Dibai) Method. Star Clusters Around Recoiled Black Holes in the Milky Way Halo. Gravitational waves from scattering of stellar-mass black holes in   galactic nuclei. Probing the Primordial Power Spectrum with Cluster Number Counts. Formation of Galactic Center Magnetic Loops. Probing Spectroscopic Variability of Galaxies & Narrow-Line Active   Galactic Nuclei in the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. The role of luminous substructure in the gravitational lens system MG   2016+112. Dark energy constraints and correlations with systematics from CFHTLS   weak lensing, SNLS supernovae Ia and WMAP5. High-Resolution Simulation on Structure Formation with Extremely Light   Bosonic Dark Matter. Spherical Collapse and Cluster Counts in Modified Gravity Models. The Signature of Galactic Tides in Local Group Dwarf Spheroidals. A Detection of Dark Matter Halo Ellipticity using Galaxy Cluster Lensing   in SDSS. The Galactic potential and the asymmetric distribution of hypervelocity   stars. The Age Distributions of Clusters and Field Stars in the Small   Magellanic Cloud -- Implications for Star Formation Histories. Dust Extinction in High-z Galaxies with GRB Afterglow Spectroscopy - The   2175Å Feature at z=2.45. Bulge n and B/T in High Mass Galaxies: Constraints on the Origin of   Bulges in Hierarchical Models. The Clustering and Host Halos of Galaxy Mergers at High Redshift. Simulating Subhalos at High Redshift: Merger Rates, Counts, and Types. Cosmological Models and Latest Observational Data. A luminosity constraint on the origin of unidentified high energy   sources. An Energetic AGN Outburst Powered by a Rapidly Spinning Supermassive   Black Hole or an Accreting Ultramassive Black Hole. Reconstructing Baryon Oscillations: A Lagrangian Theory Perspective. Mapping the Dark Side with DEIMOS: Globular Clusters, X-ray Gas, and   Dark Matter in the NGC 1407 Group. Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays from Black Hole Jets of Radio Galaxies. Photo-heating and supernova feedback amplify each other's effect on the   cosmic star formation rate. The Seventh Data Release of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. Theoretical cosmic Type Ia supernova rates. The star-formation history of K-selected galaxies. Intrinsic Ellipticity Correlation of SDSS Luminous Red Galaxies and   Misalignment with their Host Dark Matter Halos. Towards accurate modelling of the ISW effect, the non-linear   contribution. Topology of non-linear structure in the 2dF Galaxy Redshift Survey. Origin and Nature of Dust in the Early Universe. 3D Genus Topology of Luminous Red Galaxies. Ray-tracing through the Millennium Simulation: Born corrections and   lens-lens coupling in cosmic shear and galaxy-galaxy lensing. The Destruction of Thin Stellar Disks Via Cosmologically Common   Satellite Accretion Events. Pre-reionization Fossils, Ultra-faint Dwarfs and the Missing Galactic   Satellite Problem. Constraints on CDM cosmology from galaxy power spectrum, CMB and SNIa   evolution. On the contribution of large scale structure to strong gravitational   lensing. Chemical evolution with radial mixing. Measuring Baryon Acoustic Oscillations along the line of sight with   photometric redshifs: the PAU survey. The luminosity function, halo masses and stellar masses of luminous   Lyman-break galaxies at redshifts 5<z<6. The Ellipticities of Cluster Early-type Galaxies from z~1 to z~0: No   Evolution in the Overall Distribution of Bulge-to-Disk Ratios. Testing the Possible Intrinsic Origin of the Excess of Very Strong MgII   Absorbers Along GRB Lines-of-Sight. A search for disk-galaxy lenses in the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. The Gravitational Shear--Intrinsic Ellipticity Correlation Functions of   Luminous Red Galaxies in Observation and in the  Λ CDM Model. A lower bound on the mass of Dark Matter particles. Spitzer 24 micron detections of starburst galaxies in Abell 851. Breaking Halo Occupation Degeneracies with Marked Statistics. Time-dependent modeling of radiative processes in hot magnetized plasmas. Galaxy cluster X-ray luminosity scaling relations from a representative   local sample (REXCESS). Probing the truncation of galaxy dark matter halos in high density   environments from hydrodynamical N-body simulations. Modeling Molecular Hydrogen and Star Formation in Cosmological   Simulations. Detecting Mass Substructure in Galaxy Clusters: An Aperture Mass   Statistic for Gravitational Flexion. Stellar population analysis on local infrared-selected galaxies. The nature of red dwarf galaxies. The Nature and Origin of Low-Redshift O VI Absorbers. Fundamental parameter-free solutions in Modified Gravity. Signature of the interaction between dark energy and dark matter in   galaxy clusters. GRB 080503: Implications of a Naked Short Gamma-Ray Burst Dominated by   Extended Emission. The Race Between Stars and Quasars in Reionizing Cosmic Hydrogen. Clustering of luminous red galaxies II: small scale redshift space   distortions. Eight-Dimensional Mid-Infrared/Optical Bayesian Quasar Selection. Clarifying the covariant formalism for the SZ effect due to relativistic   non-thermal electrons. Acceleration of Galactic Supershells by Lyman Alpha Radiation. Detections of Lyman Continuum from Star-forming Galaxies at z~3 Through   Subaru/Suprime-Cam Narrow-band Imaging. Galaxies in a simulated  Λ CDM Universe I: cold mode and hot cores. A multi-wavelength survey of AGN in the XMM-LSS field: I. Quasar   selection via the KX technique. A robust morphological classification of high-redshift galaxies using   support vector machines on seeing limited images. II. Quantifying   morphological k-correction in the COSMOS field at 1<z<2: Ks band vs. I band. Mergers of luminous early-type galaxies in the local universe and   gravitational wave background. The properties of the host galaxy and the immediate environment of GRB   980425 / SN 1998bw from the multi-wavelength spectral energy distribution. Discovery of a Giant Lya Emitter Near the Reionization Epoch. A UV study of nearby luminous infrared galaxies: star formation   histories and the role of AGN. GRB 060605: multi-wavelength analysis of the first GRB observed using   integral field spectroscopy. HST Morphologies of z~2 Dust Obscured Galaxies I: Power-law Sources. Differential X-ray Absorption and Dust-To-Gas Ratios of the Lens   Galaxies SBS0909+523, FBQS0951+2635, and B1152+199. Go Long, Go Deep: Finding Optical Jet Breaks for Swift-Era GRBs with the   LBT. A Merger Tree with Microsolar Mass Resolution: Application to    γ -ray Emission from Subhalo Population. Shock Waves in Eulerian Cosmological Simulations: Main Properties and   Acceleration of Cosmic Rays. Detecting Chameleons: The Astronomical Polarization Produced by   Chameleon-like Scalar Fields. Discovery of four gravitational lensing systems by clusters in the SDSS   DR6. Cosmic rays and the magnetic field in the nearby starburst galaxy NGC   253 I. The distribution and transport of cosmic rays. Molecules in G1.6-0.025 - 'Hot' Chemistry in the Absence of Star   Formation at the Periphery of the Galactic Center Region. Ionised carbon and galaxy activity. Strong lensing of submillimetre galaxies: A tracer of foreground   structure?. The Inhomogeneous Background of Hydrogen-Molecule Dissociating Radiation   during Cosmic Reionization. The emptiness of voids: yet another over-abundance problem for the LCDM   model. Five New High-Redshift Quasar Lenses from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. The VIMOS VLT Deep Survey :Evolution of the major merger rate since z~1   from spectroscopicaly confirmed galaxy pairs. Rings, spirals and manifolds. Physical Properties of Four SZE-Selected Galaxy Clusters in the Southern   Cosmology Survey. Cassiopeia A: dust factory revealed via submillimetre polarimetry. Evolution of the UV Excess in Early-Type Galaxies. Type Ia Supernovae are Good Standard Candles in the Near Infrared:   Evidence from PAIRITEL. Rings and spirals in barred galaxies. I Building blocks. Chemical mixing in smoothed particle hydrodynamics simulations. A measurement of large-scale peculiar velocities of clusters of   galaxies: technical details. Effects of the size of cosmological N-Body simulations on physical   quantities - III: Skewness. The stellar contribution to the extra-galactic background light and   absorption of high-energy gamma-rays. Apparent shape of super-spinning black holes. Post-starburst galaxies: more than just an interesting curiosity. Constraints on Neutrino Masses from Weak Lensing. Milky Way type galaxies in a LCDM cosmology. The nucleus of NGC 253 and its massive stellar clusters at parsec scales. The local FIR Galaxy Colour-Luminosity distribution: A reference for   BLAST, and Herschel/SPIRE sub-mm surveys. Swift-UVOT captures the earliest ultraviolet spectrum of a Gamma Ray   Burst. Model independent constraints on the cosmological expansion rate. Warm gas accretion onto the Galaxy. Evidence for recent star formation in BCGs: a correspondence between   blue cores and UV excess. Chandra Observations of the X-ray Point Source Population in NGC 4636. A Wide-Field Study of the z~0.8 Cluster RX J0152.7-1357: the Role of   Environment in the Formation of the Red-Sequence. Dark Matter Equilibria in Galaxies and Galaxy Systems. Comment on the Black Hole Recoil Candidate Quasar SDSS   J092712.65+294344.0. AMiBA Observations, Data Analysis and Results for Sunyaev-Zel'dovich   Effects. AGN heating and ICM cooling in the HIFLUGCS sample of galaxy clusters. Early spectroscopic identification of SN 2008D. Statistics of gravitational potential perturbations: A novel approach to   deriving the X-ray temperature function. Evidence For A Shell Origin In Galaxy Formation. On the Origin of Cores in Simulated Galaxy Clusters. Environmental Dependence of Dark Matter Halo Growth I: Halo Merger Rates. Power spectrum and correlation function errors: Poisson vs. Gaussian   shot noise. Merging Cold Fronts in the Galaxy Pair NGC 7619 and NGC 7626. X-ray observations of the galaxy cluster PKS 0745-191: To the virial   radius, and beyond. Discovery of a very high energy gamma-ray signal from the 3C 66A/B   region. A Markov Chain Monte Carlo for Galactic Cosmic Ray physics: I. Method   and results for the Leaky Box Model. Dark Matter signals from Draco and Willman 1: Prospects for MAGIC II and   CTA. A Theory of Dark Matter. The role of stellar feedback in the formation of galaxies. Ultra faint dwarfs: probing early cosmic star formation. Accretion onto Seed Black Holes in the First Galaxies. Photo-z optimization for measurements of the BAO radial direction. Jet-BLR connection in the radio galaxy 3C 390.3. z~7-10 Galaxies behind Lensing Clusters: Contrast with Field Search   Results. Using Ultra Long Period Cepheids to Extend the Cosmic Distance Ladder to   100 Mpc and Beyond. A Unified Catalog of Radio Objects Detected by NVSS, FIRST, WENSS, GB6,   and SDSS. Cold streams in early massive hot haloes as the main mode of galaxy   formation. Modeling Galaxy-Galaxy Weak Lensing with SDSS Groups. Application of a Self-Similar Pressure Profile to Sunyaev-Zel'dovich   Effect Data from Galaxy Clusters. Horizontal Branch Stars: The Interplay between Observations and Theory,   and Insights into the Formation of the Galaxy. Dust depletion, chemical uniformity and environment of CaII H&K quasar   absorbers. The death of massive stars - I. Observational constraints on the   progenitors of type II-P supernovae. Galaxy Groups in the SDSS DR4: III. the luminosity and stellar mass   functions. Measurement of the baryonic acoustic oscillation scale in 21 cm   intensity fluctuations during the reionisation era. The outer regions of galaxy clusters: Chandra constraints on the X-ray   surface brightness. Destruction of Molecular Gas Reservoirs in Early-Type Galaxies by Active   Galactic Nucleus Feedback. The influence of halo assembly on galaxies and galaxy groups. Dissecting the Gravitational Lens B1608+656. I. Lens Potential   Reconstruction. Impact of early dark energy on the Planck SZ cluster sample. The Galaxy Cross-Correlation Function as a Probe of the Spatial   Distribution of Galactic Satellites. Galactic and Extragalactic Magnetic Fields. Overdensities of galaxies at z ~ 3.7 in CDF-S. Simulations of the formation of stellar discs in the Galactic centre via   cloud-cloud collisions. Keeping the Universe ionised: Photo-heating and the clumping factor of   the high-redshift intergalactic medium. Red Nuggets at z~1.5: Compact passive galaxies and the formation of the   Kormendy Relation. The large-scale shock in the cluster of galaxies Hydra A. Forecasting the Dark Energy Measurement with Baryon Acoustic   Oscillations: Prospects for the LAMOST surveys. Curvature in the scaling relations of early-type galaxies. Toward First-Principle Simulations of Galaxy Formation: II.   Shock-Induced Starburst at a Collision Interface During the First Encounter   of Interacting Galaxies. Complete Treatment of Galaxy Two-Point Statistics: Gravitational Lensing   Effects and Redshift-Space Distortions. The Optical Gravitational Lensing Experiment. The OGLE-III Catalog of   Variable Stars. II. Type II Cepheids and Anomalous Cepheids in the Large   Magellanic Cloud. Evolution of Nuclear Star Clusters. Alignment between galaxies and large-scale structure. Weak lensing ellipticities in a strong lensing regime. The Correlation of Star Formation Quenching with Internal Galaxy   Properties and Environment. Constraining DM properties with SPI. The Yuan-Tseh Lee Array for Microwave Background Anisotropy. Mass and Hot Baryons in Massive Galaxy Clusters from Subaru Weak Lensing   and AMiBA SZE Observations. FIRST "Winged" and X-shaped Radio Source Candidates: II. New Redshifts. The role of minor mergers in the recent star formation history of   early-type galaxies. Ultraviolet Spectra of Local Galaxies and their Link with the High-z   Population. Biases and Uncertainties in Physical Parameter Estimates of Lyman Break   Galaxies from Broad-band Photometry. Quantum Black Holes As Elementary Particles. Necessity of Dark Matter in Modified Newtonian Dynamics within Galactic   Scales? - Testing the Covariant MOND in Elliptical Lenses. Measuring interstellar magnetic fields by radio synchrotron emission. Anisotropic distribution functions for spherical galaxies. The Galaxy Population Hosting Gamma-Ray Bursts. Near-IR spectroscopic ages of massive star clusters in M82. PIERNIK mhd code - a multi-fluid, non-ideal extension of the   relaxing-TVD scheme (III). 3D Spectroscopic Study of the Line Emitting Regions of Mrk 493. Explosions inside Ejecta and Most Luminous Supernovae. Probing parsec scale jets in AGN with geodetic VLBI. Search for the magnetic field of the O7.5 III star xi Persei. The magnetic field of the B3V star 16 Pegasi. Effects of Minor Mergers on Coalescence of a Supermassive Black Hole   Binary. Signature of Primordial Non-Gaussianity on Matter Power Spectrum. Forecasting Cosmological Constraints from Redshift Surveys. The ACS Survey of Galactic Globular Clusters. VII. Relative Ages. A Measurement of The Faint Source Correlation Function in the GOODS and   UDF Survey. Black Holes Admitting Strong Resonant Phenomena. Shape and kinematics of elliptical galaxies: evolution due to merging at   z < 1.5. Abell 851 and the Role of Starbursts in Cluster Galaxy Evolution. The Role of Massive Agb Stars in the Early Solar System Composition. Two more disk galaxies with global gas counterrotation. The Role of the Random Magnetic Fields in the ISM: HVCs Numerical   Simulations. Diffuse ionized gas in spiral galaxies and the disk-halo interaction. The GALEX View of Supernova Hosts. MHD Remote Numerical Simulations: Evolution of Coronal Mass Ejections. Mock galaxy redshift catalogues from simulations: implications for   Pan-STARRS1. The abundance of lensing protoclusters. The Connection between a Lyman Limit System, a very strong OVI Absorber,   and Galaxies at z~0.203. Recovering the real-space correlation function from photometric redshift   surveys. Measuring and calibrating Galactic synchrotron emission. Central mass and luminosity of Milky Way satellites in the LCDM model. Six Puzzles for LCDM Cosmology. The MiMeS Project: First Results. A galaxy dynamo by supernova-driven interstellar turbulence. Review of Observational Evidence for Dark Matter in the Universe and in   upcoming searches for Dark Stars. The Magellanic System: What have we learnt from FUSE?. A Sensitive Search For [NII] Emission in a z=6.4 Quasar Host Galaxy. The prospects of finding the first quasars in the universe. A new model for infrared and submillimetre counts. MOJAVE: Monitoring of Jets in AGN with VLBA Experiments. V. Multi-epoch   VLBA Images. The Sloan Bright Arcs Survey : Six Strongly Lensed Galaxies at z=0.4-1.4. A Comparison of Six Photometric Redshift Methods Applied to 1.5 Million   Luminous Red Galaxies. Discovery of fossil magnetic fields in the intermediate-mass pre-main   sequence stars. Spin-independent elastic WIMP scattering and the DAMA annual modulation   signal. AGN-Starburst connection in NGC7582: Gemini near-infrared spectrograph   integral field unit observations. The Galactic bulge as seen in optical surveys. The Milky Way's external disc constrained by 2MASS star counts. HNCO abundances in galaxies: Tracing the evolutionary state of   starbursts. Submillimeter Continuum Properties of Cold Dust in the Inner Disk and   Outflows of M82. The magnetic field structure in NGC 253 in presence of a galactic wind. Connecting Reionization to the Local Universe. Spiral density wave triggering of star formation in SA and SAB galaxies. Obscured star formation in intermediate-density environments: A Spitzer   study of the Abell 901/902 supercluster. Optimal filter systems for photometric redshift estimation. Delayed Recombination and Standard Rulers. Does the Universe Have a Handedness?. Active Galactic Nuclei: Sources for ultra high energy cosmic rays?. Shape parameters of Galactic open clusters. Environmental Effects on Satellite Galaxies: The Link Between   Concentration, Size and Colour Profile. UHECR observations and lensing in the magnetic field of the Virgo   cluster. The Environments of Active Galactic Nuclei within the zCOSMOS Density   Field. Neutrinos from active black holes, sources of ultra high energy cosmic   rays. The Milky Way Spiral Arm Pattern. Spectropolarimetry of SNR G296.5+10.0. Two bright submillimeter galaxies in a z=4.05 proto-cluster in   GOODS-North, and accurate radio-infrared photometric redshifts. The X-ray Jets of Active Galaxies. New CO detections of lensed submillimeter galaxies in A2218: Probing   molecular gas in the LIRG regime at high redshift. Probing ISM Magnetic Fields With SNRs. Large scale galactic turbulence: can self-gravity drive the observed HI   velocity dispersions?